Institute Scholarship Program | Max Planck Institute for Comparative and International Private Law Institute Scholarship Program Scholarships for International Researchers The Max Planck Institute offers a limited number of scholarships for legal scholars whose primary place of residence is outside of Germany. The scholarships are financed by the Max Planck Society. The Max Planck Institute offers a limited number of scholarships for legal scholars whose primary place of residence is outside of Germany. The scholarships are financed by the Max Planck Society. The application round for 2026 closed on 15 August 2025. How to Apply Important Information for Applicants The Max Planck Institute offers a limited number of scholarships for legal scholars whose primary place of residence is outside of Germany. The scholarships are financed by the Max Planck Society. The scholarship duration is between 1 and a maximum of 3 months. Step 1: Preparation of your Application Documents Application for a scholarship is made through our online portal. You will need to have a number of different documents available for uploading onto the portal. In terms of what is needed, we recommend that you print and follow the document checklist that we have prepared for this purpose. Step 2: Transmission of Documents via the Online Portal After you have assembled the necessary documents, as described in Step 1, they can be uploaded onto our online portal. To use the portal you will first need to register. FAQ When does the next application round begin? How much is my scholarship? Do I need to have health insurance? The answers to these and other questions can be found here. Contact Barbara Schröder Welcome Center +49 40 41900-241 welcome@mpipriv.de Application Period The application portal is presently closed. The application round for 2026 closed on 15 August 2025. There are no plans for a second application round for 2026. Other Interesting Articles A conversation with Rosa Pla Almendros, Konrad Zweigert Scholar July 30, 2025 Rosa Pla Almendros is currently studying for a doctorate in private international law (PIL) at the University of Valencia. Before her stay at the Institute as a Konrad Zweigert Scholar, she was awarded a research scholarship for the 2024 autumn term at the London School of Economics (LSE). Filiation of children born to ISIL fighters from Yazidi mothers. In search of conflict-of-law solutions May 23, 2025 Ayad Yasin Husein Kokha is a Full Professor of International Public Law at Salahaddin University-Erbil in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq. In his current research at the Institute as an Alexander von Humboldt Fellow, he examines the family law predicament in which many victims of the crimes of ISIL (the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant) now find themselves. Keizo Yamamoto – Visiting Scholar at the Institute September 23, 2024 Since 2008 the Institute has taken part in a cooperative exchange with the Faculty of Law at Kyoto University, as administered by the Institute’s Centre of Expertise on Japan. A researcher who for many years has contributed greatly to this exchange through his special commitment is once again a guest in Hamburg. Keizo Yamamoto, Professor at Kyoto University, is one of Japan's most renowned civil law experts. A conversation with Rui Cai, Konrad Zweigert Scholar September 19, 2024 While studying law at Tsinghua University, Rui Cai conducted legal research at Heidelberg University from 2018 to 2019. He then completed his doctorate with a thesis on the doctrine of unconscionability. Since 2020 he has been Assistant Professor at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences. From July to September, he was a visiting scholar at the… A conversation with visiting fellow María Julia Ochoa Jiménez July 11, 2024 The Venezuelan-born legal scholar who teaches in Seville was a guest in Hamburg in June 2024, participating as a fellow in the team of Institute Director Ralf Michaels. Jiménez is researching issues relating to the restitution of cultural property of colonial origin. She is also working on a proposal for a private international law statute in… A conversation with Marco Speranzin April 03, 2024 Marco Speranzin is full professor of business law at the University of Padua and attorney at law. He was a guest researcher at the Institute from mid-February to mid-March. A conversation with Joaquín Garrido Martín, Humboldt Research Fellow November 22, 2023 Joaquín Garrido Martín holds degrees in law and in philosophy from the University of Seville. He has completed postgraduate studies at the University of Bern and at the European University Institute in Florence. 2017 he obtained a PhD in law from the University of Seville. The Institute hosts Časlav Pejović November 14, 2023 The internationally renowned legal scholar and law professor Časlav Pejović is visiting the Institute this fall of 2023. Pejović is emeritus professor at Kyushu University in Japan. His multiple fields of study are not all he has in common with the Institute. His personal connections here also go back many years. A conversation with Viola Cappelli, Konrad Zweigert Scholar October 19, 2023 Viola Cappelli is a postdoctoral researcher at the Scuola Superiore Sant’Anna in Pisa who works in the field of private law. In her PhD thesis, for which she conducted research also at the University of Groningen and the University of Wageningen, she examined the impact of the clean energy revolution on consumer and contract law. A conversation with Jaya Vasudevan Suseela, Humboldt Research Fellow February 15, 2023 Dr. Vasudevan is a Professor at the Hidayatullah National Law University, India. Her teaching as well as research have been in the field of international trade law, including dispute resolution laws and conflict management in business with special focus on commercial and investment arbitration law. A conversation with Dr Bartosz Wołodkiewicz, Lindemann Foundation scholar November 08, 2022 Dr Bartosz Wołodkiewicz is an assistant professor in the Department of Civil Procedure at the Faculty of Law and Administration of the University of Warsaw. Earlier in 2022, he was a visiting scholar at the Max Planck Institute Luxembourg for International, European and Regulatory Procedural Law. In September 2022, he was a Lindemann scholar at the… A conversation with Dr María González Marimón, Lindemann Foundation scholar October 28, 2022 Dr María González Marimón is an assistant professor of private international law at the University of Valencia. After graduating from a double degree program in law and political science at the University of Valencia with special distinction in both degrees, she went on to earn her doctorate there cum laude. Web-View Print Page Open in new window Estimated DIN-A4 page-width Go to Editor View