Holland (NL) Scholarships 2026/2027, Netherlands - Selibeng.com Facebook Instagram Mail X Home Opportunities Local Jobs Consultancy Tenders Scholarships Entrepreneurship Competitions International Jobs Training Remote Jobs US Jooble Topics Business Career Advice Finance Community Health Law Technology Lifestyle Opinion Notice Board Spotlight Directory Directory Add Listing Resources Toolkits CV Template Sample Letters Sample Letter – Download Sample Job Application Letter Remote Job Application Letter Of Recommendation Find Your Career Fit Assessment Digital Literacy Self-Assessment Job Profiles Professionals Register CV Candidate Dashboard CV Evaluation Career Advice Job Profiles Students Career Advice Scholarships Colleges & Universities NMDS General Terms Employers CV Database Candidate Email Targeting Post a Job Community Blog Directory Our Writing Competitions Writing Competition 2018 Writing Competition 2017 Kasi Corner Talks Get the App Search Facebook Instagram Mail X Wednesday, May 6, 2026 Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Our Privacy Policy Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Selibeng.com Home Opportunities Local Jobs Consultancy Tenders Scholarships Entrepreneurship Competitions International Jobs Training Remote Jobs US Jooble Topics Business Career Advice Finance Community Health Law Technology Lifestyle Opinion Notice Board Spotlight Directory Directory Add Listing Resources Toolkits CV Template Sample Letters Sample Letter – Download Sample Job Application Letter Remote Job Application Letter Of Recommendation Find Your Career Fit Assessment Digital Literacy Self-Assessment Job Profiles Professionals Register CV Candidate Dashboard CV Evaluation Career Advice Job Profiles Students Career Advice Scholarships Colleges & Universities NMDS General Terms Employers CV Database Candidate Email Targeting Post a Job Community Blog Directory Our Writing Competitions Writing Competition 2018 Writing Competition 2017 Kasi Corner Talks Get the App Home Opportunities Scholarships Holland (NL) Scholarships 2026/2027, Netherlands Opportunities Scholarships Facebook X WhatsApp Linkedin Email 1.1K Application Deadline: Varying by Institution Applications are now open for the 2025/2026 Holland (NL) Scholarships. The NL Scholarship (formerly known as Holland Scholarship) is meant for international students from outside the European Economic Area (EEA) who want to do their bachelor’s or master’s in the Netherlands. This scholarship is financed by the Dutch Ministry of Education, Culture and Science as well as several Dutch research universities and universities of applied sciences. The scholarship amounts to € 5,000. You will receive this in the first year of your studies. Please note that this is not a full-tuition scholarship. Application criteria Your nationality is non-EEA. You are applying for a full-time bachelor’s or master’s programme at one of the participating Dutch higher education institutions. You meet the specific requirements of the institution of your choice. You can find these on the website of the institution. You do not have a degree from an education institution in the Netherlands. Participating research universities and universities of applied sciences The list of participating universities changes every year. Below you can find an overview of the Dutch research universities participating in the NL Scholarship for the 2026-2027 academic year. Participating research universities 2026-2027 Below is an overview of the Dutch research universities participating in the NL Scholarship for the 2026-2027 academic year. You can find the specific closing dates and the fields of study for this academic year on the website of the institution you want to apply to. Participating universities of applied sciences 2026-2027 Below is an overview of the Dutch universities of applied sciences participating in the NL Scholarship for the 2026-2027 academic year. For More Information: Visit the Official Webpage of the Holland (NL) Scholarships Comments NEWSLETTER Subscribe now to job feeds first in your inbox! Selibeng.com is the premier resource for connecting passionate professionals to meaningful and exciting opportunities. Whether you are looking for your first job, a better job or just want to manage the direction of your career and explore educational opportunities, Selibeng.com offers the resources you need to make it happen. Contact us: [email protected] Facebook Instagram Mail X About Us About Us Advertise With Us Our Privacy Policy Newsletter Write for us Get in Touch Our Affiliates TheAfricanBookClub Shipa Online Spane App Learn Sesotho The Night’s Watch © Selibeng.com 2016-2026 | All Rights Reserved! error: Content is protected!