Scholarships & Financial Assistance | Computer Science at UBC Skip to main content Search Faculty of Science Computer Science Menu MyCS Financial Assistance UBC has many ways to assist students who require financial help to attend the university. Many awards and scholarships are offered by the university: check the Awards, Scholarships & Bursaries page on the UBC Student Services website for up-to-date information on the amounts of the awards. Others are offered exclusively through the department. To search for an award using filters and to apply for a specific award, visit: the UBC Award search page Departmental Scholarships The following awards are exclusively available to students enrolled in a Computer Science program. Students may need to apply for certain awards and are selected and recommended by the Department or the Faculty of Science according to academic achievements. Accenture Leadership Award - APPLY NOW An award has been endowed by Accenture Inc. for a student entering the fourth year of a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science or a Bachelor of Applied Science in Electrical and Computer Engineering. In addition to having achieved high academic standing, candidates for the award must have demonstrated leadership and participated actively in extra-curricular or volunteer activities such as professional, school, social and community organizations, athletics or part-time employment. The awards are made on the recommendation of the Departments, alternating between the Department of Computer Science in odd-numbered years and the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering in even-numbered years. Bill Aiello Memorial Award in Computer Science - APPLY NOW Awards have been made available through an endowment established by friends, family, and colleagues in memory of Bill Aiello for outstanding third or fourth year Bachelor of Science students specializing in Computer Science who best combine academic excellence with leadership, community service, or volunteerism. Bit Quill Technologies Award for Women in Computer Science - APPLY NOW Awards have been made available annually through a gift from Bit Quill Technologies for female students enrolled in an undergraduate degree program in the Department of Computer Science with outstanding academic achievement and demonstrated community service. Bit Quill Technologies is an employee-owned software development services company based in Vancouver. Bit Quill created this award as part of their work to create opportunities for the development of software in Vancouver by supporting the next generation of computer scientists at UBC. These academic awards are made on the recommendation of the Department of Computer Science. Broadridge Financial Solutions Award for Women in Computer Science An award is offered annually by BROADRIDGE Financial Solutions to a female undergraduate student graduating from the Department of Computer Science. The award is intended for a student in good academic standing who has demonstrated excellence in fields such as community service, student leadership, and volunteerism. The award is made on the recommendation of the Department of Computer Science. Computer Science Scholarship One or more scholarships are awarded to outstanding full-time students enrolled in a Computer Science undergraduate program. The awards are made on the recommendation of the Department of Computer Science, largely on the basis of academic standing. David Shum Memorial Prize in Computer Science A prize has been endowed by family and friends in memory of David Shum. The award is offered to a second year student in the Computer Science program in the Faculty of Science and is made on the recommendation of the Department of Computer Science. Gary Kusin Award for Women in Video Gaming - APPLY NOW An award has been made available annually through a gift from Electronic Arts, in honour of Gary Kusin, for a third or fourth-year female student enrolled in an undergraduate degree program in the Department of Computer Science. The recipient will have demonstrated outstanding academic achievement, an interest in pursuing a career in the gaming industry, and have shown excellence in video game programming through a course or their portfolio. Greer Family Scholarship Two scholarships have been endowed by David J. Greer. One scholarship is awarded to a third year student in Computer Science and the other is awarded to a fourth year student. The awards are made on the recommendation of the Department of Computer Science. Improving Award in Computer Science Awards have been made available annually through a gift from Improving for third or fourth-year students enrolled in an undergraduate degree program in the Department of Computer Science who are in good academic standing. Candidates will have helped foster a welcoming, respectful, kind and supportive learning environment among their peers and have academically supported and advocated for one or more individual(s) who identify as being part of an underrepresented population, or for those who may be struggling significantly with their coursework for any reason. Improving is a software development services company that is proud to help create opportunities for the development of software in Vancouver by supporting the next generation of computer scientists at UBC. The awards are made on the recommendation of the Department of Computer Science. Inquiring Minds in Computer Science - APPLY NOW This award recognizes individuals who demonstrate traits of lifelong learners – curious people who stand out for asking questions such as: WHO does this benefit? WHAT other options exist? WHEN should this be used? WHEN should it NOT be used? WHERE can this knowledge be applied (in a real life situation)? WHY does it work this way? WHY NOT another way? HOW is this knowledge advancing? The Inquiring Minds award supports individuals who strive for understanding and innovation in order to make a difference in their community. They are recognized for their thirst for knowledge and being able to connect it with real world applications. This award has been established by Anita Hui and Juanita Lohmeyer (UBC CS ’00) for a student who identifies as a woman and is in good academic standing entering the third or fourth year of Computer Science. In addition to their studies, this individual should be demonstrating leadership in extra-curricular (volunteer) or part-time employment. Kirk Karasin Memorial Award in Computer Science Awards have been made available through an endowment established by Anne and Allan Karasin in memory of their son Kirk Karasin (1978–2020), for graduate and undergraduate students in Computer Science who are involved with the UBC Emerging Media Lab (EML). Students must demonstrate mentorship, creativity and passion for using emerging technology for social good. Kirk worked at UBC Studios, as well as the EML, where he mentored and supervised many students. He was an integral part of running the EML and brought creative energy and passion to everything he did. He was well known for pushing boundaries with innovative ideas such as UBC’s first 360 video production, creating UBC’s very own Streetview, as well as 3Dcapture process at UBC Studios. The awards are made on the recommendation of the Department of Computer Science in consultation with the Emerging Media Lab, and in the case of a graduate student, in consultation with the Faculty of Graduate and Postdoctoral Studies. Laura Huber Memorial Award for Women in Video Gaming - APPLY NOW An award has been made available annually through a gift from Electronic Arts, in memory of Laura Huber (1967-2015), for a third or fourth-year female student enrolled in an undergraduate degree program in the Department of Computer Science. The recipient will have demonstrated outstanding academic achievement, an interest in pursuing a career in the gaming industry, and have shown excellence in video game programming through a course or their portfolio. This academic award is made on the recommendation of the Department of Computer Science. Markus Meister Memorial Prize in Computer Science A prize has been endowed by Maria Klawe and friends in memory of Markus Meister for the student obtaining the highest standing in the final year of the Bachelor of Science program in Computer Science. The award is made on the recommendation of the Department of Computer Science. Martin Frauendorf Memorial Prize in Computer Science - APPLY NOW A prize has been endowed by family, colleagues and friends in memory of Martin Frauendorf, President of the 1990 graduating class in Computer Science. The award is offered to a graduating student who has demonstrated leadership and has made significant contributions to student activities in the Department. The award is made on the recommendation of the Department of Computer Science. Project to Product Award in Computer Science - APPLY NOW Awards have been made available through an endowment established by Dr. Mik Kersten (B.Sc. 1999, Ph.D. 2007) for students enrolled in an undergraduate degree program in the Department of Computer Science who have demonstrated leadership, community engagement or volunteerism. Preference will be given to students who are from communities that have been historically, persistently and systemically discriminated against. The Rajan Family Award in Computer Science - APPLY NOW Awards have been endowed by the Shiraz Rajan Family, who came to Canada in 1973 from East Africa. Three of the Rajan children, Tazim, Amynmohamed and Salima, attended the university in British Columbia in the 1980's and 1990's. In the family tradition, the Rajan Family wished to give back to The University of British Columbia in particular and the Canadian community in general. The awards are made on the recommendation of the Department of Computer Science to outstanding full-time undergraduate students in the Computer Science Program who have demonstrated outstanding community service, with preference to female candidates. Rick Sample Memorial Award in Computer Science - APPLY NOW Awards have been made available through an endowment established by colleagues, friends and family, with the support of the Province of British Columbia, in memory of Rick Sample for outstanding undergraduate students involved in computer science research. FOR MORE DETAILS on these awards, visit the Student Services Award Search page and use the filters to find the awards you are looking for.