Top 205 Computer Science Scholarships in May 2026 Get matched with vetted scholarships and enter our $10,000 No-Essay Scholarship Please select whichever best describes you for the 2025 - 2026 academic year. Apply as student Sign up as parent/guardian Sign up as counselor/educator 100% Free. No Spam. Start typing in the text field above JUST PUBLISHED: $200,000 in exclusive scholarships from the Skechers Foundation! Apply Now Find Scholarships Search All Scholarships Exclusive Scholarships Easy Scholarships to Apply For No Essay Scholarships Scholarships for HS Juniors Scholarships for HS Seniors Scholarships for College Students Scholarships for Grad Students Scholarships for Women Scholarships for Black Students Scholarships by State Scholarship Winners Advice Scholarships Student Loans College Admissions Financial Aid Colleges Podcasts About About Us Contact Us Counselors For Partners Colleges & Universities Scholarship Providers Log in Get Started Scholarships Top 205 Computer Science Scholarships in May 2026 Advertiser disclosure Student-centric advice and objective recommendations Higher education has never been more confusing or expensive. Our goal is to help you navigate the very big decisions related to higher ed with objective information and expert advice. Each piece of content on the site is original, based on extensive research, and reviewed by multiple editors, including a subject matter expert. This ensures that all of our content is up-to-date, useful, accurate, and thorough. Our reviews and recommendations are based on extensive research, testing, and feedback. We may receive commission from links on our website, but that doesn’t affect our editors’ opinions. Our marketing partners don’t review, approve or endorse our editorial content. It’s accurate to the best of our knowledge when posted. You can find a complete list of our partners here . Top 205 Computer Science Scholarships in May 2026 Written by Will Geiger Will Geiger is the co-founder of Scholarships360 and has a decade of experience in college admissions and financial aid. He is a former Senior Assistant Director of Admissions at Kenyon College where he personally reviewed 10,000 admissions applications and essays. Will also managed the Kenyon College merit scholarship program and served on the financial aid appeals committee. He has also worked as an Associate Director of College Counseling at a high school in New Haven, Connecticut. Will earned his master’s in education from the University of Pennsylvania and received his undergraduate degree in history from Wake Forest University. Full Bio Learn about our editorial policies Updated: May 1st, 2026 Are you passionate about learning new coding languages? Do you dream of working for a tech company one day (or perhaps starting your own)? If so, being a computer science major is a great option! Whether you want to work as a software engineer, in cyber security, data science, or finance, a computer science background will help you. And luckily, there are a number of computer science scholarships to help you pay for college! Read More Why choose Scholarships360 We helped over 5 million students find scholarships in 2025 We've spent over 4,000 hours reviewing 3,000 scholarship programs 13+ years of experience helping students make smart education decisions Scholarship Review Process The Scholarships360 Research Team reviews all scholarships individually and strives to exclude any scholarship where any of the below applies: The scholarship requires a fee to apply The scholarship provider’s privacy policy allows for the misuse of student data The scholarship requires paid membership in an organization (with certain exceptions for reputable trade organizations and others) Student are required to sign up for a site or service to apply* The scholarship seems primarily used for lead generation** or idea harvesting purposes*** The scholarship website has many grammatical errors and/or advertisements The scholarship or scholarship providing organization seem untrustworthy There is no evidence the scholarship was previously awarded The scholarship has not been awarded in the past 12 months There is no available contact information If you believe a scholarship has been published in error, please reach out to [email protected] and we’ll take a look! * There are certain exceptions to this, for example if the sponsoring organization is a major corporation or nonprofit with its own scholarship application system. ** Lead generation scholarships will require students to sign up for an app or website and require minimal (if any) application requirements. ***Idea harvesting scholarships will require students to submit blog posts or other materials that companies may use for marketing purposes. Learn about our editorial policies SCHOLARSHIPS360 IS FEATURED BY RECENT SCHOLARSHIPS360 WINNERS Joe McGee Winner of the Scholarships360 $10,000 “No Essay” Scholarship Ava Mejia Winner of the "Commencing at Community College" Scholarship Elianna Hernandez Winner of the "Sharing is Caring" Scholarship Harmony Bowers Winner of the "College Here I Come” Essay Scholarship for High School Seniors Skarlett Benavides Winner of the “Broad Horizons” Scholarship for High School Juniors Eno Sar Winner of the "Making Waves" Scholarship for Women Chloe Luna Winner of the "Follow Your Own Path" Scholarship Caitie Evans Winner of the "Gutsy Graduate Student" Essay Scholarship Autumn Goffar Winner of the “Pen to Paper" Scholarship for Storytellers Haylie Meyer Winner of the “Creativity Takes Courage" Scholarship Dimitri Mohamed Winner of the "Outstanding Undergraduate" Scholarship Brandon Norman Winner of the “Moving Mountains" Scholarship for Hispanic Students Makeighla Kelley Winner of the “Scholar Dollars” Essay Scholarship for Black Students Parshv Patel Winner of the "Tuition Solution" Scholarship for STEM Students Get Matched 205 Scholarships Sort by Most relevant Nearest deadline Furthest deadline Highest amount Lowest amount 1 Dan Herbatschek Scholarship This scholarship has been verified by the scholarship providing organization. Offered by Ramsey Theory Group 1 award worth $2,500 Expected Open Date October 2026 Grade Level College & Graduate Students Not Open Yet Quick Apply Offered by Ramsey Theory Group Are you passionate about mathematics and machine learning? If so, you would be a great candidate for the Dan Herbatschek Scholarship! This $2,500 scholarship was… Show More Are you passionate about mathematics and machine learning? If so, you would be a great candidate for the Dan Herbatschek Scholarship! This $2,500 scholarship was… Show More Are you passionate about mathematics and machine learning? If so, you would be a great candidate for the Dan Herbatschek Scholarship! This $2,500 scholarship was established to provide opportunities for students pursuing mathematics and machine learning, with a particular focus on individuals from unconventional and underrepresented backgrounds. Founded by Dan Herbatschek, CEO of Ramsey Theory Group, the program is designed to deliver not only financial support, but also mentorship and hands-on experience through internships with the firm’s machine learning initiatives. The scholarship reflects Herbatschek’s belief that unconventional journeys often produce extraordinary innovators. While many young people are self-taught programmers drawn to artificial intelligence, they frequently lack the mathematical foundation and real-world context needed to advance. This initiative seeks to bridge that gap, equipping recipients with both resources and exposure to the role mathematics plays in shaping innovation. Show Less 1 award worth $2,500 Expected Open Date October 2026 Grade Level College & Graduate Students Quick Apply 2 HealthArc Scholarship This scholarship has been verified by the scholarship providing organization. Offered by HealthArc 2 awards worth up to $3,000 Expected Open Date September 2026 Grade Level College & Graduate Students Not Open Yet Quick Apply Offered by HealthArc Are you interested in exploring how technology is reshaping healthcare? If so, you would be a great candidate for the HealthArc Scholarship! This scholarship supports… Show More Are you interested in exploring how technology is reshaping healthcare? If so, you would be a great candidate for the HealthArc Scholarship! This scholarship supports… Show More Are you interested in exploring how technology is reshaping healthcare? If so, you would be a great candidate for the HealthArc Scholarship! This scholarship supports students passionate about healthcare technology, offering financial aid to both undergraduates and graduates pursuing healthcare-related degrees. To be eligible for this scholarship, applicants must be enrolled full-time at an accredited U.S. college or university as an undergraduate or graduate student. Applicants must be pursuing a career in medicine, nursing, public health biomedical engineering, computer science, or any discipline related to health technology. Through this program, undergraduate students will be awarded a $2,000 scholarship and graduate students will be awarded a $3,000 scholarship. To apply, students must write a 1,000 to 1,500 word essay in response to one of the prompts below: Undergraduates: 'The Role of Technology in Revolutionizing Healthcare' Graduates: 'The Role of Remote Care in the Future of Preventative Health' To select the winning applicants, HealthArc adopts a transparent process and the applicants will be shortlisted based on the originality, depth of research, clarity of ideas, and the applicants’ vision for the future of healthcare technology. The winner of the 2025-26 annual scholarship for both undergraduate and graduate programs will be notified via email by December 1, 2025. The scholarship amount will be disbursed directly to the applicant’s educational institution. Show Less 2 awards worth up to $3,000 Expected Open Date September 2026 Grade Level College & Graduate Students Quick Apply 3 "Tuition Solution" Scholarship for STEM Students This scholarship has been verified by the scholarship providing organization. Offered by Scholarships360 Exclusive 1 award worth $1,000 Deadline Nov 8, 2026 Grade Level All Grade Levels Quick Apply Offered by Scholarships360 Exclusive Our “Tuition Solution” Scholarship is meant for students pursuing a degree in Computer Science or other STEM fields. In order to apply, you must write… Show More Our “Tuition Solution” Scholarship is meant for students pursuing a degree in Computer Science or other STEM fields. In order to apply, you must write… Show More Our “Tuition Solution” Scholarship is meant for students pursuing a degree in Computer Science or other STEM fields. In order to apply, you must write an essay about how your passion for STEM started and how the scholarship will help you fulfill your dreams. No matter which STEM field ignites your interest, we look forward to reading your essays. Please note that applicants will be reviewed based on both the quality of their essay and quantity of scholarships applied for on the Scholarships360 platform. Scholarships360 users who are more active on the platform will be given higher consideration. Apply today - it’s time to cell-e-brate you! Show Less 1 award worth $1,000 Deadline Nov 8, 2026 Grade Level All Grade Levels Quick Apply 4 $10,000 "No Essay" Scholarship This scholarship has been verified by the scholarship providing organization. Offered by Scholarships360 Exclusive 1 award worth $10,000 Next Deadline May 31, 2026 Grade Level All Grade Levels Quick Apply Offered by Scholarships360 Exclusive The Scholarships360 $10,000 “No Essay” Scholarship is open to all students who want some extra help paying for their education. Whether you are a high… Show More The Scholarships360 $10,000 “No Essay” Scholarship is open to all students who want some extra help paying for their education. Whether you are a high… Show More The Scholar