Funding, Tuition Fees and Awards — Department of Computer Science, University of Toronto Top Funding, Tuition Fees, and Awards We offer a funding package to all of our full-time research-stream students. The package is composed of a research assistantship and teaching assistantships. This provides funding for the costs of living and for the cost of tuition. Guaranteed Funding by Program Conditional on satisfactory progress, we guarantee funding for a defined period for each of our programs. Degree Guaranteed Funding Period MSc 16 months* PhD (transition from our MSc program) 44 months PhD-M (with master's completed elsewhere) 48 months PhD-U (direct entry from a bachelor's degree) 60 months * 16 months funding based on typical registration sequence: FWS-F. Leaves may impact the tuition portion of your funding package. Department of Computer Science Funding Packages Basic funding package The basic funding package includes tuition, research, and teaching assistantships and are based on Faculty of Arts and Science minimums . Department of Computer Science Enhanced Funding Package The Department of Computer Science offers an enhanced funding package above the Faculty of Arts and Science Minimum Financial Support Package. The enhanced package ensure that students have a take-home living allowance of $38,258 after tuition and incidentals are paid. This is composed of research, teaching assistantships, and the Departmental Fellowship. Departmental Fellowship The Department will also provide up to $16,008 CAD (for those admitted in 2025–2026). This fellowship does not require any extra duties on your part. Its only purpose is to support your regular activities of research and study in our graduate program. Students in good academic standing must apply for the Departmental Fellowship, which involves informing the Department of Computer Science Graduate Office of the amount and sources of your external scholarships, external stipends, and external paid employment. If you have such income, the amount of your departmental fellowship may be reduced in whole or in part. Major Scholarships and Awards are a component of the funding package for many students. All graduate students are required to apply for and accept external awards for which they are eligible. The funding package may be revised at any point to include major awards, including retroactive awards a nd award upgrades, which are received during the timeframe covered by this funding letter. Students are required to report any such financial awards valued at more than $10,000 CAD to the Graduate Office. Receipts of an external award valued at more than $10,000 may result in a further enhancement to the student’s annual financial support package. For students who win large or multiple concurrent awards, the RAship will be reduced so that either the student's total non-TA funding (including scholarships) is no larger than $60,000 , or the RAship has been reduced to zero. Degree A&S Minimum Support Funding Package DCS Enhanced Package Master of Science - Domestic (Admitted in 2025–2026) $31,858 Up to an additional $16,008 Doctor of Philosophy - Domestic (Admitted in 2025–2026) $40,000 Up to an additional $6,706 Doctor of Philosophy - International (Admitted in 2025-2026) $40,792 Up to an additional $6,706 Tuition Fees Domestic Students (Canadian Citizens and Permanent Residents) — MSc/PhD 2025–2026 Academic Year $8,448.48 CAD Incoming PhD students $9,608.48 CAD Incoming MSc students Includes incidental and ancillary fees International Students — MSc/PhD 2025-2026 Academic Year $9,240.48 CAD Incoming PhD students $34,900.48 CAD incoming MSc students Includes incidental and ancillary fees Awards All accepted students are considered for entrance awards. Recipients will be notified in their offer of admission. Significant financial top-ups are offered to holders of certain fellowships and scholarships (CGRS M, OGS, etc). Internal Awards The Department of Computer Science and the University of Toronto are proud to offer entrance awards to outstanding applicants. Prospective students do not need to apply for these awards as they will be nominated by the admissions committee; awards will be included in offer packages. These awards include: C. David Naylor University Fellowship Connaught International Scholarship Departmental Entrance Scholarship Faculty of Arts & Science Top (FAST) Doctoral Fellowship Master's Student Recruitment Award Wolfond Scholarship Program in Wireless Information Technology and more External Awards Prospective students may apply to these awards prior to receiving an offer from the Department of Computer Science. Please note deadlines below. Canada Graduate Research Scholarships — Master’s (CGRS M) Applicants must have completed no more than 4 months of MSc study to qualify. For full eligibility criteria, visit the Canada Graduate Research Scholarships — Master’s Program website . Deadline to submit online is December 1, 2025. Canada Graduate Research Scholarships — Doctoral (CGRS D) For further details, please visit, Canada Graduate Research Scholarships – Doctoral Program . Deadline was September 8, 2025 . Ontario Graduate Scholarship (OGS) for Domestic Students For further details, visit the SGS Ontario Graduate Scholarship page . Deadline to submit to the Department is April 15, 2026 . Ontario Graduate Scholarship (OGS-VISA) for International Students For further details, visit the SGS Ontario Graduate Scholarship page . Deadline to submit to the Department is March 13, 2026 . Queen Elizabeth II Graduate Scholarships in Science and Technology (QEII-GSST) For further details, visit the SGS Ontario Graduate Scholarship page . Deadline to submit to the Department is April 15, 2026 . Vector Scholarships in Artificial Intelligence For further details, please visit the Vector Institute website. Deadline to submit to the Department is late February 2026 . More opportunities Additional opportunities can be found on the SGS Admission Awards webpage .