Awards & Scholarships for Incoming Students | Faculty of Arts & Science Skip to main content University of Toronto Faculty of Arts and Science Home University of Toronto Faculty of Arts and Science Home Universal Navigation Universal Navigation2 Main menu Search page Home Future Students Ready to Apply? Awards & Scholarships for Incoming Students Awards & Scholarships for Incoming Students The Faculty of Arts & Science awards approximately $35 million in admission awards to undergraduate students. These awards are offered based on criteria such as academic excellence, financial need, community involvement, leadership, creativity and other qualities. In addition to A&S awards, students are eligible for thousands of awards at the University of Toronto. To explore the diverse funding opportunities, visit Award Explorer , a centralized, searchable database of thousands of awards. Types of Awards for Incoming A&S Students Newly-admitted A&S students may be eligible for thousands of admission awards! Once you have completed the Ontario Universities’ Application Centre (OUAC) process and been admitted, you have two ways to acquire awards and scholarships: Automatic: You are automatically considered for a variety of admission awards and scholarships when you apply to the Faculty of Arts & Science (based on your grades at the time of admission). Application-based: Some awards require you to complete a separate application. As an A&S student, you may be eligible for additional admission awards from your college . There are also awards for upper-year and graduating students that you may qualify for throughout your studies. Some awards are only available to domestic students, as outlined in the eligibility requirements. U of T defines a domestic student as: A Canadian Citizen within the meaning of the Citizenship Act or; An Indigenous person who is recognized as a First Nations (status or non-status), Métis or Inuit or; A Permanent Resident, Protected Person and Convention Refugee within the meaning of the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act or; A person who has been approved “in-principle” for permanent resident status in Canada. Automatic Admission Awards Application-Based Admission Awards College Awards Upper Year & Graduate Awards Wolf Scholars Program Wolf Scholars is a transformative scholarship program designed to develop Canada's next generation of thoughtful builders, innovators, and leaders. Each year, 16 exceptional incoming undergraduates across the University of Toronto's Faculty of Arts & Science will form a tight-knit cohort. Wolf Scholars will join a four-year enrichment program centered on developing their critical thinking skills, emotional intelligence, resilience, and creativity for life. Beyond funded travel and leadership development experiences, scholars will receive a full tuition scholarship and a meaningful living stipend. Learn about Wolf Scholars Automatic Admission Awards for A&S Students Automatic admission awards are ones that incoming students will automatically be considered for; no separate application is needed. Award/Scholarship Name Key Eligibility Requirements Estimated Value Allen X. Ma Scholarship for Excellence in Leadership International student Demonstrated community engagement and vision Admitted to the Rotman Commerce admission category $2,500 Arts & Science Global Scholarship International student Outstanding student Academic merit Financial need may be considered. Covers international tuition fees, incidental fees and University Health Insurance Plan (UHIP) fees for four consecutive years, or until degree completion, whichever comes first. Dr. Babak Farzad’s Award of Leadership International student Academic merit Admitted to the Computer Science admission category (i.e., eligibility is determined by the results of the supplementary application required to enter this category) Approximately $1,100 Edward Blake Admission Scholarship International student Domestic student Academic merit Admitted to the Humanities or Mathematical & Physical Sciences admission category $5,500 over four years of study International Merit Admission Award International student Academic merit Up to $50,000 over four years of study (up to $20,000 in the first year and renewable for $10,000 in second, third and fourth years) James Hosinec & Carol M. Isaac Scholarship in the Faculty of Arts & Science International student Domestic student Academic merit $10,000 in the first year of study Toronto Hong Kong Lions Club Admission Scholarship in Commerce International student Domestic student Outstanding student Admitted to the Rotman Commerce admission category Approximately $1,900 University of Toronto International Scholar Award International student Academic merit Up to $100,000 over four years of study (up to $40,000 in the first year and renewable for $20,000 in the second, third and fourth years). University of Toronto International Scholar Award (Rotman Commerce) International student Academic merit Admitted to the Rotman Commerce admission category Up to $100,000 over four years of study (up to $40,000 in the first year and renewable for $20,000 in the second, third and fourth years). University of Toronto International Merit Award (Rotman Commerce) International student Academic merit Admitted to the Rotman Commerce admission category Up to $50,000 over four years of study (up to $20,000 in the first year and renewable for $10,000 in the second, third and fourth years). Back to top Application-Based Admission Awards for A&S Students Faculty of Arts & Science students can apply to hundreds of awards. To be eligible, students must research and find which ones they qualify for — there are often separate opportunities for domestic and international students — then complete and submit an additional application. See the list below with links for more information on award details and terms and conditions. How to apply To be considered, students must first apply to U of T and then complete the Awards Profile . Note: If you are a Canadian citizen, permanent resident of Canada or protected person (convention refugee), you may be eligible to apply for multiple admission awards at once. Award/Scholarship Name Key Eligibility Requirements Estimated Value Building Canadian Leaders: Donald S. McKeracher Scholarship in Rotman Commerce Domestic student Full-time student Academic merit Strong leadership potential Admitted to the Rotman Commerce category Up to approximately $15,400 over four years of study Building Canadian Leaders: Frank William Moore Scholarship in Rotman Commerce Domestic student Full-time student Academic merit Strong leadership potential Admitted to the Rotman commerce admission category Preference given to a University College student Approximately $2,340 Building Canadian Leaders: Class of 1968 Scholarship in Rotman Commerce Domestic student Full-time student Academic merit Strong leadership potential Admitted to the Rotman Commerce admission category Up to approximately $15,800 over four years of study Building Canadian Leaders: Mr. Rajeeb Mukherjee Domestic student Full-time student Academic merit Strong leadership potential Admitted to the Rotman Commerce admission category Approximately $2,250 David L. Adams Bursary Domestic student Financial need Admitted to the Rotman Commerce admission category $2,000 Jack and Adrienne Taylor Scholarship for Undergraduate Students Domestic student Admitted to the Humanities or Social Sciences admission category Academic merit Financial need $14,000 in the first year of study James Davie Bursary in Commerce and Finance Domestic student Financial need Academic merit Admitted to the Rotman Commerce admission category Approximately $1,830 Harbord Collegiate Entrance Award Domestic student Financial need Graduate of Harbord Collegiate Institute, Toronto Admitted to the Rotman Commerce admission category Approximately $2,500 Nicoletta and Dan Scrimger Award Domestic student Graduate of a Toronto high school Academic merit Financial need Admitted to the Humanities admission category Up to approximately $21,500 over four years of study Robert Davis Black Excellence Award Domestic student Financial Need Preference is given to a student admitted to the Rotman Commerce admission category $20,000 over four years of study The Daysy Krieger Young Memorial Award at the University of Toronto Domestic student Financial need Admitted to the Rotman Commerce admission category $2,500 The Roberts Scholarship Domestic student Outstanding student Financial need Admitted to a science admission category: Computer Science, Life Sciences, Mathematical & Physical Sciences or Social Sciences $25,000 over four years of study William Waters Commerce and Finance Award Domestic student Financial need Academic merit Admitted into the Rotman Commerce admission category Preference is given to a Woodsworth College student. $10,000 Back to top College Awards Each college at the Faculty of Arts & Science offers awards based on leadership, merit and other criteria. Visit the awards page within each college for more details: Innis College Awards New College Awards St. Michael's College Awards Trinity College Awards University College Awards Victoria College Awards Woodsworth College Awards Back to top Upper Year & Graduate Awards Beyond first year, U of T students have access to more than 4,730 in-course awards every year. In total, the university’s annual merit-based awards for undergraduate and graduate students total $165.5 million! This includes renewable rewards and scholarships for those who excel in their academics and extracurricular activities. Learn more about the various in-course and graduate award opportunities below. Current student awards: The Faculty of Arts & Science offers more than 700 awards for current undergraduate students , including annual renewable awards and scholarships. For a full list of awards at U of T, visit Awards Explorer . Academic departments: Most academic departments offer awards for undergraduate students. Visit your departmental website or speak to an advisor for help with department awards. Graduate awards: View a list of major graduate awards on the School of Graduate Studies website . Awards to study abroad: Both the Centre for International Experience and the Professional and International Programs office coordinate a variety of awards to help students study abroad. External awards: For more information on how to apply for external awards available to U of T students, visit the University Registrar’s Office website . Back to top Recent News Stories About Awards & Scholarships Three international students awarded full scholarships to A&S Kenyan students join U of T through KenSAP Awards program Four international students awarded full scholarships to A&S Future Students Student Experience Academic Opportunities Ready to Apply? How to Apply Admission Categories Admission Requirements Awards & Scholarships Tuition, Fees & Financial Aid Important Deadlines FAQs Already Applied? Connect with Us Username * Password * Request new password CAPTCHA This question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions. Close