11 Scholarships for Data Science Students to Consider Home / Resources CHOOSE A CATEGORY Applied Data Science Artificial Intelligence Books Career Resources Cybersecurity Data Science Resources Learning Resources Resources for Children Resources for Minorities Resources for Women Scholarships STEM Technology Thought Leaders 17 Data Science Scholarships January 30, 2026 Whether pursuing a data science degree as an educator, researcher, analyst, manager, consultant or other professional, you can apply for scholarships to help relieve the financial burden. While finding scholarships can be daunting for anyone in a bachelor’s or master’s in data science program, this compilation of data science scholarships can help. The list covers scholarship awards, targeting diverse candidates and those not limited to state- or school-based programs. ACM SIGHPC Computational and Data Science Fellowship Aimed at increasing the diversity of people with graduate degrees in data science, the Association of Computing Machinery (ACM) Special Interest Group on High Performance Computing (SIGHPC) Computational and Data Science Fellowship gives preference to candidates with backgrounds in other disciplines who can bring new perspectives to the field. Qualifications: Candidates must be nominated by their advisor, enrolled in a data science graduate program as of the fall of the application year, less than halfway through program completion and a woman and/or a member of a racial or ethnic group that is underrepresented in the data science field in the country where they will earn the degree. Awards: Varies Total Amount: $15,000 annually, for up to 2 years AIGC Science Post-Graduate Scholarship The American Indian Graduate Center (AIGC) Science Post Graduate Scholarship Fund awards funds for training opportunities in mathematics and science fields. Qualifications: The Science Post Graduate Scholarship Fund (SPGSF) is administered via a federal program that contracts with the American Indian Graduate Center (now commonly referenced as Native Forward). The program provides financial assistance to eligible American Indian/Alaska Native students in STEM fields (not limited to data science), with selection prioritizing need and a demonstrated commitment to benefiting Native communities; some cycles may prioritize tribal colleges and universities. Awards: Varies Total Amount: $1,200–$10,000 ASA Pride Scholarship The American Statistical Association (ASA) offers the ASA Pride Scholarship to increase awareness and support the success of LGBTQ+ statisticians, data scientists and allies while celebrating the skills and perspectives they bring to their fields. Qualifications: Candidates must identify as LGBTQ+ or as an ally and be enrolled in a statistics or data science graduate program or have earned their degree within five years of award date. Awards: Two in 2021 Total Amount: N/A Great Minds in STEM Scholarship In addition to a financial award, recipients of the Great Minds in STEM (GMiS) Scholarship are provided transportation to the annual GMiS Conference. Qualifications: Applicants must be enrolled full or part-time in an undergraduate or graduate program for a degree in a STEM field for the upcoming fall semester, have a minimum overall GPA of 3.0 on a 4.0 scale, and/or show significant leadership or service within the community. Awards: Varies Total Amount: $500–$5,000 HIMSS Foundation Scholarship The Healthcare Information and Management Systems Society (HIMSS) Foundation awards scholarships to students in degree programs related to the health care and information technology field. Qualifications: The HIMSS Foundation offers multiple scholarships for students pursuing careers in health information and technology and related fields; eligibility varies by scholarship and may include requirements like enrollment level, program type, and student membership. Replace the single generalized criteria block with language indicating award-specific criteria, and link to the HIMSS Foundation scholarship hub for the current application requirements. Awards: One undergraduate scholarship and one master’s scholarship Total Amount: Varies AFCEA Diversity Scholarship AFCEA International, a nonprofit organization dedicated to increasing knowledge about the ethical exchange of information, and Intel are offering the AFCEA Diversity Scholarship , which includes funding and access to training, research, networking with other Intel scholars ,and more. Qualifications: There are various scholarships available on AFCEA’s page. Total Amount: Varies MinneAnalytics Data Science Scholarship Faculty or staff at institutions can submit applications for their school to award a MinneAnalytics Data Science Scholarship , which targets undergraduate students, especially in the Midwest. Qualifications: Candidates must be students in undergraduate programs applicable to data analytics, display a passion for pursuing a career directly related to data science and analytics and possess an ongoing commitment to community engagement. Awards: More than 30 in 2021 Total Amount: $1,000 Seth Bonder Scholarship for Applied Operations Research in Health Services The Seth Bonder Scholarship for Applied Operations Research in Health Services , offered in conjunction with the Institution for Operations Research and the Management Sciences (INFORMS), aims to promote the development and application of process modeling and operations research analyses to the design, delivery and operations of health care. Qualifications: The Seth Bonder Scholarship (INFORMS Health Applications Society) supports emerging researchers applying operations research/process modeling to health care design, delivery, and operations. Use the INFORMS award page for the current year’s eligibility and submission instructions. Awards: One Total Amount: $4,000, plus up to $1,000 for travel to the annual INFORMS conference and an additional $2,000 provided and funded by the Seth Bonder Foundation SMART Scholarship Program The Science, Mathematics, and Research for Transformation (SMART) Scholarship-for-Service Program , funded by the Department of Defense (DoD), supports STEM students with full tuition and education-related expenses, mentoring and other opportunities to help them begin a DoD career. The award also includes additional funds for health insurance and miscellaneous expenses. Qualifications: Candidates must be requesting at least one year of degree funding before graduation with a minimum GPA of 3.0 on a 4.0 scale, eligible and willing to accept post-graduation employment with the DoD and pursuing either an undergraduate or graduate degree in an approved STEM field at an accredited U.S. institution. Multi-year scholars must be able to complete at least one summer internship. Awards: N/A Total Amount: $25,000–$38,000 UPE/ACM Scholarship The International Society for the Computing and Information Disciplines , aka Upsilon Pi Epsilon (UPE) , and theACM offer the UPE/ACM Scholarship to students who are starting their careers in computing. Qualifications: Candidates must be full-time undergraduate or graduate students who are ACM members and also members of the student chapter at their institution. Awards: Four Total Amount: $1,000 Wellington HBCU Scholars Program The Wellington HBCU Scholars Program consists of a merit-based scholarship award granted annually to students at historically black colleges and universities (HBCUs) and includes two internship opportunities. Qualifications: Applicants must be full-time HBCU undergraduate students who are sophomores or juniors majoring in business, economics, finance, accounting, technology, liberal arts or STEM programs. Awards: Varies Total Amount: Up to $15,000 renewable annually FAQs About Data Science Scholarships Students seeking data science scholarships should follow the application instructions carefully and submit materials that verify their eligibility. Here are more FAQs to consider: Are there any scholarships for master’s in data science? Yes. Awards are available for students in master’s in data science programs. Graduate students can apply for the HIMSS Foundation Scholarship and the UPE/ACM Scholarship programs. For more options, students can check the list of data science scholarships above. What are the qualifications to receive a data science scholarship? Some scholarships are based on age, ethnicity, minimum GPA, education level, or post-graduate employment requirements. Other factors may be included in the criteria, depending on the sponsoring organization. When should I start preparing for a data science scholarship? Application deadlines vary throughout the year, and preparation should begin as early as possible because the process may depend on the materials applicants need to collect. They may be required to request and submit transcripts and letters of recommendation, write essays, and fill out forms. Information last updated: December 2025