Scholarships, grants and financial support - European Education Area Skip to main content Scholarships, grants and financial support Enlarge Photo by Andrea Piacquadio: https://www.pexels.com There are 100,000s of scholarships and financial support schemes available across Europe for international students who wish to study here. Some schemes cover part of the tuition fees, some cover all of the tuition fees, as well as supporting living costs too. Competition can be strong, but it is well worth exploring your options. Here are some of the main places to find European higher education scholarships and funding opportunities. Scholarship opportunities per European country Each country in Europe offers its own scholarship schemes. Visit the country profiles to find out more about scholarship opportunities per country. Erasmus scholarship opportunities Erasmus Mundus Joint Master Degrees These scholarships cover the cost of participation in the programme, travel and provide a living allowance. Learn more about Erasmus Mundus Joint Master Degrees Participate in an Erasmus+ exchange Through the Erasmus+ programme, international students can study in one of 33 European countries for between 3 and 12 months as part of their study programme. Erasmus+ students do not have to pay tuition fees for their time abroad. Some students may also be eligible for a grant contributing to living costs and travel expenses. There are also opportunities for students from Europe to study at partner higher education institutions in other parts of the world. To be eligible, you need to be studying at a higher education institution that is part of the Erasmus+ programme. Ask your university or find out more about higher education in Europe . Other ways to find a scholarship in Europe Scholarshipportal Scholarshipportal is a database presenting over 1,000 scholarships available in Europe and beyond. Select your desired level of study, the country you're from and where you want to study to see scholarships that match your profile. Find scholarships to study in Europe EURAXESS The EURAXESS website offers information about funding schemes across Europe for research posts, fellowships and doctoral studies. Explore the EURAXESS national portals Universities As well as the schemes listed above, many universities, research institutes and higher education institutions offer their own scholarships and financial support. Take a look at the websites of the universities you're interested in. Related content 6 scholarship application tips Last updated: 29 October 2025 Give your feedback about this page Did you find this page useful? Yes Yes but No What was useful about it? Up to date page Useful related content Easy to read and understand I found what I was looking for I was able to browse with assistive technologies Easy to share Please explain your choice (optional) What was the main issue? Accessbility barriers I didn't find what I was looking for Difficult to read and understand Broken link Incomplete information Missing information Translation problem Page does not display correctly Can't filter results Not mobile friendly Please explain your choice What is the problem? Accessibility barriers I didn't find what I was looking for Difficult to read and understand Broken link Incomplete information Missing information Translation problem Page does not display correctly Can't filter results Not mobile friendly Please explain your choice (optional) Please reply to the questions above to submit the form Please don’t forget the captcha Thanks for your feedback Thanks for taking the time to share your feedback. Here are some starting points to keep reading. Home page Focus Topics Education Levels Funding If you need an answer to your question, please write to Europe Direct .