Scholarship - Amsterdam University Fund Scholarship The Amsterdam University Fund does not provide general scholarships. In special situations, occasional exceptions are made. Students seeking funding for a master's degree abroad are not eligible for a scholarship. Scholarship for UvA students The Amsterdam University Fund occasionally provides a specific scholarship to UvA students. This scholarship will only be granted in exceptional circumstances. For more information about this scholarship, please contact the Amsterdam University Fund via subsidieaanvragen-AUF@uva.nl . Submit your application including all the necessary information, via the form below. The form is in English, files can be uploaded in Dutch. Apply for a scholarship Checklist for UvA students applying for a scholarship Applications will only be processed if they are accompanied by all requested information. Please provide a fully completed application form with all required attachments. If the application is considered, the Scholarship Committee will invite the application to explain the application in a personal interview. Please submit attachments as a PDF. Applications should include: a grant application including your motivation, signature and date. In the motivation letter, the applicant makes it clear with enthusiasm and conviction that the grant amount will be well spent; a recent CV; a printout of the study results; a personal, applicant-specific letter of recommendation or email from at least one lecturer involved in the program. This letter must be signed and printed on UvA paper. If an email is provided, it must be clear that the email was sent from the lecturer’s email address; a letter from the student dean supporting the application; a detailed budget (download). Cookie Consent The UvA uses cookies to measure, optimise, and ensure the proper functioning of the website. Cookies are also placed in order to display third-party content and for marketing purposes. Click 'Accept' to agree to the placement of all cookies; if you only want to accept functional and analytical cookies, select ‘Decline’. You can change your preferences at any time by clicking on 'Cookie settings' at the bottom of each page. Also read the UvA Privacy statement . Decline Accept Information about cookies In order to access this external content, you need to accept all marketing cookies. Click here to manage your cookie settings.