International Max Planck Research School PhD Scholarship 2026 Skip to content If you are planning to study in Germany with financial support, the International Max Planck Research School PhD Scholarship is one of the best opportunities available for international students. This scholarship provides fully funded programs at the International Max Planck Research School across a wide range of fields. In this article, we will explain everything you need to know about the International Max Planck Research School PhD Scholarship, including its benefits, eligibility criteria, required documents, and a detailed step-by-step application process to help you apply successfully. The International Max Planck Research School PhD Scholarship 2026–2027 is offered for PhD studies. Health insurance, pension contributions, and other social benefits are included in the contract. The net take-home pay for PhD students (after taxes and deductions) is a minimum of 1,700 euros per month. The IMPRS PhD Program in Science is open to international students who intend to undertake doctoral studies at Germany’s International Max Planck Research School. The International Max Planck Research School for Cell, Developmental, and Systems Biology trains talented young doctoral researchers based in three locations in Dresden, incorporating biology, physics, chemistry, and computer science and working with top scientists from over 50 countries to ask, “How do cells form tissues and organisms?” “Our PhD learners are passionate about cross-disciplinary science and are pursuing fresh directions in studies. At the International Max Planck Research School, we are seeking applications from skilled and innovative young researchers who are curious by nature and hungry for fresh alternatives under our study mission. Successful applicants have a burning ambition to shape the future of science and the capacity to flourish in an extremely competitive, interdisciplinary setting. Scholarship Summary Level of Study: PhD Institution: International Max Planck Research School Study Destination : Germany Courses Offered: Physics Biology Chemistry Computer science Applied Mathematics Life Sciences Engineering Program Period: 4 Years The International Max Planck Research School PhD Scholarship Application Deadline The application deadlines for the International Max Planck Research School PhD Scholarship are accepted at any time . Scholarship Coverage The International Max Planck Research School PhD Scholarship provides the recipient with the following benefits: The IMPRS-CellDevoSys guarantees full financial support for the entire duration of your PhD work, i.e., up to 4 years. PhD projects in the IMPRS cannot extend beyond 4 years. Financial support is granted via an employment contract according to 65% of TvöD E13 (German tariff for employees in civil service). Health insurance, pension contributions, and other social benefits are included in the contract. The net take-home pay for PhD students (after taxes and deductions) is a minimum of 1,700 euros per month. Eligibility Criteria for the International Max Planck Research School PhD Scholarship To be eligible for the International Max Planck Research School PhD Scholarship, applicants must meet the following criteria: Required Language: English. We recommend including TOEFL or IELTS results with your application if available. Eligible Countries: All Countries Admission is based solely on prior scientific qualifications and future potential. This ensures the recruitment of only the highest-qualified candidates fairly and transparently . You must hold a university degree or have a scheduled graduation date before starting your thesis work. Distinctive proficiency in textbook scientific knowledge is essential. Enthusiasm and collegiality are also vital. Applicants must hold, or anticipate receiving, a master’s degree in life sciences, biology, chemistry, computer science, physics, applied mathematics, or engineering before taking up PhD thesis work. Applicants holding an excellent BSc degree are also welcome to apply, given that independent research and a written thesis are part of the curriculum. As English is the working language of the program, applicants should demonstrate a high level of proficiency in spoken and written English. We recommend including TOEFL or IELTS results with your application if available. Candidates previously affiliated with an IMPRS group for more than 3 months are considered “internal candidates.” In general, internal candidates are eligible for admission. They may join a research group for PhD thesis work if the previous affiliation with this group did not exceed 12 months. Internal candidates must demonstrate outstanding performance and the highest potential in order to be invited for interviews. Evaluation Process Completed eligible applications will proceed to evaluation. The first evaluation takes into account the applicants’ national education systems and is conducted by internal experts from the respective systems. Additionally, we may conduct phone or Skype interviews during the evaluation process. Qualified applicants are recommended to faculty members for further assessment. They jointly shortlist the candidates to be invited for the interview week in Dresden. How to Apply for the International Max Planck Research School PhD Scholarship? Please follow the steps below to avail this scholarship: Acquaint yourself with our research and featured open positions Make sure that you qualify and are passionate about doing research with us Ask 2 referees to support your application Complete the application form. Submit once your referees have contributed their recommendations Website To know more about the International Max Planck Research School PhD Scholarship, please visit the official website: Official Website Follow Us Facebook Instagram WhatsApp LinkedIn YouTube X ABOUT ScholarshipRoar.com is an updated listing of international scholarships and internships for students who seek national and global development through higher education. FOLLOW US AND SUBSCRIBE Facebook YouTube Instagram LinkedIn X WhatsApp Leave this field empty if you're human: POPULAR CATEGORIES Undergraduate Scholarships Masters Scholarships PhD Scholarships Postdoctoral Fellowships Internships Application Documents Scholarship Help Desk Go to mobile version