Scholarships in Germany for International Students 2026 Facebook TikTok X Plan Your Studies Study Programs Universities Requirements Health Insurance for International Students Proof of Financial Resources Germany Student Visa Living in Germany Learn German Statistics & News Search Get Your Free Study in Germany Guide Get Your Free Study in Germany Guide Plan Your Studies Study Programs Universities Requirements Health Insurance for International Students Proof of Financial Resources Germany Student Visa Living in Germany Learn German Statistics & News Search Planning Your Studies in Germany Scholarships in Germany for International Students 2026 Scholarships in Germany for International Students 2026 Written by Vlera Haxhiavdyli Updated on October 14, 2025 Edited & Reviewed by Blerina Kelmendi Germany is one of the most affordable Western European countries for international students– both in terms of living costs as well as education costs . Higher education at most public universities is nearly free. But, of course, if you’re studying abroad there are so many other expenses to account for besides tuition fees. Which is probably what brings you to our scholarship guide. Luckily, there are many offerings and ways you can qualify for a scholarship to study in Germany. So, let’s go and get into more detail. Check out these scholarships for international students in Germany: Table of Contents Government and Organization-Funded Scholarships Some of the most generous scholarships for Germany are from government and organization-funded programs. They play a big role in making higher education here even more accessible for students from all over the world. Here are the most popular scholarships in this category: Expatrio Scholarship Who can apply? International students from all countries who applied for the Expatrio Value Package and plan to start studying in Germany. What does the scholarship cover? The first prize is €15,000, the second place receives €12,000, and the third place gets €9,000. Fourth to tenth-place winners’ awards include one of the following: rent payment x 6 months (up to €3,000 value), a new laptop, German language lessons, semester contribution fees, etc. What are the requirements? Students are assessed based on their video submission answering a specific question. This year, it was: “How will your studies in Germany help you make a positive impact for others?” When is the deadline? The deadline for the video submission was September 30, 2025 . > Go to the scholarship. DAAD Scholarship Programs Who can apply? DAAD Scholarships annually award students from all over the world who want to pursue master’s degrees, Ph.D. studies, and postdoctoral research in Germany. What does the scholarship cover? The fully-funded scholarships offer monthly stipends (€992 for graduates and €1,300 for doctoral/Ph.D. students). Most programs also offer travel allowances, payment towards health insurance costs, and annual study/research allowances. What are the requirements? Applicants should display good academic performance and achievements. Depending on the scholarship, you’ll need to present a recognized school leaving certificate, proof of proficiency in the language of instruction or working language(s), and relevant internships or work experience. When is the deadline? Deadlines for DAAD Scholarships vary by type and country. For accurate and up-to-date information, check the program details on the official DAAD website. > Go to the scholarships . Get Personalized Help Sign up to get tailored advice for every stage of your move to Germany! Heinrich Böll Foundation Scholarships Who can apply? This scholarship program is open to master’s and doctoral students of all nationalities, who are studying at universities, universities of applied sciences, and universities of the arts in Germany. What does the scholarship cover? The scholarship values depend on your nationality and level of studies: Student scholarships. EU nationals/students educated in Germany receive up to €812 and a €300 study allowance per month (plus other possible allowances). Non-EU nationals/refugees not educated in Germany get €992 per month, plus health insurance and other allowances. Doctoral scholarships. German & foreign students educated in Germany and EU nationals not educated in Germany receive a basic scholarship of €1,450 per month plus a monthly €100 allowance. Non-EU nationals & students educated outside of Germany receive €1,400 per month, a €100 monthly mobility allowance, plus other individual allowances. What are the requirements? Here are the application requirements and selection criteria for the two scholarship types: Student scholarships. Students applying for the master’s degree scholarship should include a copy of their first degree certificate or first professional qualification and showcase academic achievements, social engagement, and motivation. Doctoral scholarships. Germans/foreign students educated in Germany, EU nationals/students not educated in Germany, and non-EU nationals/students not educated in Germany are all eligible. To apply, you need to have proof of admission to doctoral studies. Applicants should also demonstrate excellent academic performance, research project quality, social engagement, and motivation. When is the deadline? There are two deadlines to accommodate the two semesters: March 1st and September 1st of each year. The application portal opens around six weeks before the deadline. > Go to the scholarships . Deutschlandstipendium National Scholarship Program Who can apply? The Deutschlandstipendium is available to any student who is currently enrolled or will soon be enrolling at a partner institution of the scholarship, as long as they are within the standard duration of their studies. What does the scholarship cover? The scholarship awards 300 euros per month for at least two semesters (3,600 euros per year), with the possibility to extend for the entire standard period of studies. What are the requirements? The Deutschlandstipendium is granted by universities, therefore applicants must fit the requirements of the university they apply to. Selection criteria most often include high academic performance, social engagement, and personal achievements. This scholarship is not based on personal or parental income and doesn’t affect BAföG grants. When is the deadline? The application period depends on the university but is usually around the months leading up to the start of the academic year. Your university in Germany will announce their deadline for 2026, so be sure to check the university’s website regularly. > Go to the scholarship . Konrad-Adenauer-Stiftung Scholarship Who can apply? The scholarship is for international students with a first university degree, who want to do a master’s, PhD, or research program at a German university that lasts at least four semesters. The program chooses focus countries each year—in 2026, the KAS foreign offices in Buenos Aires (for applicants from Argentina, Bolivia, Chile, Uruguay, and Paraguay and KAS in Nairobi (for applicants from Kenya, Uganda/South Sudan, Tanzania, and Ethiopia) will accept applications. If you are currently living in Germany, you can apply through the domestic selection process in the Campus KAS Portal . What does the scholarship cover? The scholarship offers financial assistance, personal guidance, a seminar program, and access to the KAS network. Graduate students receive €992 per month for two years and PhD students receive €1,400 per month for three years. More subsidies for health insurance, family allowance, children’s allowance, and course-related fees may be available. What are the requirements? Master’s applicants must have a university degree, demonstrate strong academic performance, possess B2-level German language skills, engage in voluntary work, plan for a minimum of four semesters in Germany, have a broad education, and support democracy and human rights. Ph.D. applicants should fulfill the same criteria as master’s applicants along with some additional requirements. You’ll need to provide a detailed thesis description, a second academic letter of recommendation from your thesis supervisor, and confirmation of supervision by your doctoral advisor. Bachelor’s applicants can also apply after completing the second semester of a Bachelor’s program. When is the deadline? July 15 of each year for students applying from within Germany. November 30, 2025 for applicants from Argentina. Application deadlines for KAS foreign offices may vary, so we recommend consulting the respective office of the foundation in your home country for more information. > Go to the scholarship . Erasmus+ Scholarship Programs Who can apply? The Erasmus+ scholarships for studying abroad are open to students in short-cycle, bachelor’s, master’s, and doctoral programs who want to participate in an exchange program in Germany. Students from EU Member States and associated third countries are mostly eligible, but there are also many opportunities for students from non-associated countries. What does the scholarship cover? Students receive a one-time travel grant and a monthly stipend for daily living expenses in Germany. They’re also exempt from tuition, registration, and examination fees, among other benefits at the receiving institution. Trainees, students with fewer opportunities, and those from outermost regions are eligible for more support. What are the requirements? To apply, applicants must meet these general requirements: Applicants must be enrolled in a study program leading to a recognized degree or tertiary-level qualification at a higher education institution that participates in the Erasmus+ program. The study period abroad must be relevant to their degree-related learning and personal development needs. The applicant’s home institution must sign an Erasmus cooperation agreement with the receiving institution. Specific election criteria vary by program, but most often include your study results (GPA), motivation letter, and language proficiency (English or German). When is the deadline? Application dates can vary depending on the sending and receiving country. To get notified of upcoming scholarships, check with your home institution’s international office or Erasmus+ coordinator. > Go to the scholarship or find more details in our guide: Studying in Germany through Erasmus+ . Friedrich Ebert Foundation Scholarships Who can apply? This scholarship is for students and doctoral candidates accepted into a state or state-recognized German university. They must demonstrate excellent school or academic merit, wish to pursue their studies in Germany, and be committed to the values of social democracy. What does the scholarship cover? The FES scholarship program for international students awards a base monthly stipend of €992 for students in state or state-recognized degree programs. For doctoral students, it awards €1,400 per month for up to three years. What are the requirements? Application requirements include: general personal information, details about your professional and family background, your motivation to become a FES scholarship holder, and information about your socio-political commitment. Applicants who are doctoral candidates also need to submit an exposé of their dissertation project. After the first review, you must submit two academic references, a detailed CV, relevant certificates, and proof of enrollment. Shortlisted candidates will take part in two selection interviews: one with a trusted lecturer and one with a member of the selection committee. When is the deadline? Application deadlines for the FES scholarship vary by program and applicant group. They generally align with different academic stages, from before starting university to several semesters into the program. For doctoral funding, applications are accepted year-round, up to about 2 years before submitting the dissertation. Y