Ontario Scholarships : OGS and QEII | Study Ontario Scholarships : OGS and QEII The Ontario Graduate Scholarship (OGS) and the Queen Elizabeth II Scholarships in Science and Technology (QEII-GSST) encourage excellence in graduate studies at the master’s and doctoral levels. Scholarships Overview The Ontario Graduate Scholarship (OGS) programs and the Queen Elizabeth II Graduate Scholarships in Science and Technology (QEII-GSST) aim to promote academic excellence in Ontario's publicly assisted universities. Since 1975, the OGS program has been awarding merit-based scholarships to the top-performing graduate students in Ontario across all academic disciplines. In 1998, the Ontario government introduced the QEII-GSST, a merit-based scholarship program specifically designed for graduate students in science and technology. The main objective of these funds is to award scholarships to master's and doctoral students in all academic fields within participating Ontario institutions. This initiative aims to recognize, value, and encourage academic excellence. Note: The information on this page is subject to change without notice and does not represent a commitment from the University of Ottawa. The selection committee’s decisions are final. The dean (or delegate) of the faculty offering the program will hear appeals only on procedural grounds. Value and Duration of Scholarship arrow_drop_down Each OGS and QEII-GSST is valued at a maximum of $15,000 ($5,000 per term) and must be held for a minimum of two consecutive terms with a full-time student status. Awards can be taken up either in May 2026, September 2026 or January 2027 . The awards are non-renewable. Additional details for QEII-GSST The Government of Ontario will fund two thirds of the award (i.e., a maximum of $10,000 per year or $3,333 per term); the remaining one third (i.e., a maximum of $5,000 per year or $1,667 per term) will be financed by the University of Ottawa. The financial support offered by the University could be offered through internal endowment funds, private sector funds (contact through your thesis supervisor), or other external sources. If you have a confirmed funding source from your faculty, an organization, or an individual, please provide the sponsorship confirmation letter or letter of interest with your application. The sponsorship letter must clearly indicate the guaranteed funding they will provide, the duration and the individual's email who is sponsoring you. You are not required to have a sponsorship to apply for this scholarship. Deadline arrow_drop_down Students: November 13, 2025, at 11:59 p.m. New this year To optimize portal performance and avoid system overload, referees will have an additional 6 days beyond the student’s application deadline to submit their assessment reports. This measure will help distribute portal traffic and ensure a better experience for all users. Eligibility Criteria arrow_drop_down In order to be considered for an OGS or QEII-GSST, applicants must meet the following criteria: 1. Citizenship For OGS : Be a Canadian citizen, Permanent Resident, or Protected Person [under subsection 95(2) of the Immigration and Refugee Protections Act (Canada)] at the time of submitting the application. Foreign students who are studying in Ontario under a temporary resident visa or a valid student study permit, under the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act (Canada) are eligible for the allotted OGS international student awards. Applicants who do not have a valid temporary resident visa or student study permit at the time of application will be required to provide proof of a valid one at the time of taking up the award. For QEII-GSST : Be a Canadian citizen, Permanent Resident, or Protected Person [under subsection 95(2) of the Immigration and Refugee Protections Act (Canada)] at the time of submitting the application. International students are not eligible for QEII-GSST awards. 2. Minimum Academic Average For OGS and QEII-GSST : Applicants having completed zero to twenty-four months of graduate studies at the time of the application deadline: must have achieved a minimum average of at least A-(8.0/10), in each of the last two years of completed studies (full-time equivalent). Applicants entering the third year or beyond (25 months or more) of graduate studies at the time of the application deadline: must have an overall average of at least A- (8.0/10) on all graduate courses completed, including graduate courses taken while completing an undergraduate degree or as a special student. Examples of one-year full-time equivalent: Undergraduate studies: enrolled full-time for two terms. Graduate studies: enrolled full-time for three consecutive terms. Undergraduate and graduate studies: two terms of part-time studies are equivalent to one term of full-time studies. 3. Enrollment Requirements For OGS and QEII-GSST : Be enrolled full-time in, or expect to be enrolled full-time, in a graduate program during the academic year 2026-2027 (May 2026 to April 2027) at the University of Ottawa. Master’s program : applicants cannot have completed more than four (4) terms of their master’s program at the time that the award is disbursed. PhD program : applicants cannot have completed more than thirteen (13) terms of their PhD program at the time that the award is disbursed. For QEII-GSST only : Be enrolled in a research master’s or doctoral program in science and technology disciplines, as per the following eligible disciplines: Applied Sciences Aerospace (may include Aeronautical Engineering) Biomedical Engineering Chemical Engineering Civil Engineering and Architecture (may include Landscape Architecture) Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Science (may include Engineering, Engineering Physics and Nuclear Engineering) Mechanical Engineering Mining, Metallurgy, and Materials Science (may include Metallurgical Engineering Systems and Industrial Engineering (may include Systems/Design Engineering and Operational Research) Biological and Life Sciences Biochemistry and Biophysics (may include Medical Biophysics) Environmental Sciences (may include Agriculture, Ecology, Forestry, and Toxicology) General Biological Sciences (may include Biology, Botany, Entomology, Microbiology, Mycology, Plant and Animal Biology, and Zoology) Genetics, Cell, and Molecular Biology General Health Science (may include research-oriented programs in Epidemiology, Human Kinetics, Hygiene, Nutrition, and Rehabilitation disciplines such as Occupational Therapy, Physical Therapy, Audiology, and Speech Pathology) Human Biology (may include Anatomy, Biomedical Sciences, Food Science, Immunology, Neuroscience, Pathology, Pharmacology, and Physiology) Medical and Veterinary Sciences (may include research-oriented programs in Dentistry, Medical Sciences, Nursing, Optometry, and Pharmacy) Physical Sciences Chemistry Computer Science (may include Information/Systems Science) Earth Sciences (may include Geology and Geophysics) Mathematics and Statistics Physics (may include Astronomy, Meteorology, and Space Science) Funding Limitations arrow_drop_down Master’s students can receive the scholarship for a maximum of two (2) years and doctoral students for a maximum of four (4) years. In addition, there is a lifetime maximum of six (6) years of government-funded student awards not to be exceeded. Awards under the following programs will be counted toward this lifetime maximum: the Ontario Graduate Scholarship Program (OGS) the Queen Elizabeth II Graduate Scholarship in Science and Technology (QEIIGSST) the Ontario Trillium Scholarships (OTS) the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada (SSHRC, includes Vanier) the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council (NSERC, includes Vanier) the Canadian Institute of Health Research (CIHR, includes Vanier) Recipients may not concurrently hold an OGS, QEII-GSST award or a tri-council award , including: The Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council Program (SSHRC); The Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council Program (NSERC); The Canadian Institute of Health Research (CIHR). Important to note arrow_drop_down The OGS and QEII-GSST are not transferable between Ontario universities. It must be held at the university that awarded it. Students must apply for the OGS and QEII-GSST at the institution where they will be registered for the 2026-2027 academic year. Applicants who do not know at the time of applying for an OGS or QEII-GSST which university they will be attending, will have to submit an OGS and QEII-GSST application to each Ontario University where they are seeking admission. Each Ontario University now has its own specific deadlines, with its own application forms and application process. Applicants must respect the deadlines and processes of each university. Candidates may have to submit more than one OGS or QEII-GSST application at the University of Ottawa if they are intending to apply for admissions to more than one program of studies. Each Faculty is given a quota and awards are not transferable between faculties. Some faculties may allocate their quota by program of studies and they will not allow an OGS transfer between their programs. Please confirm with the Graduate Office of the faculty to which you have applied or will be applying for admissions to confirm whether a second application is required. OGS Scholarships for Indigenous Candidates At the University of Ottawa, we are dedicated to empowering Indigenous graduate students. To honour this commitment, we proudly offer two exclusive OGS awards specifically for Indigenous students one at the master level and one at the PhD level. Within the OGS application, there is a designated section where eligible applicants can self-identify as Indigenous to be considered for these prestigious scholarships. Please note that applicants who identify on the application form will be required to confirm their indigenous citizenship/membership/enrolment via the uOttawa's procedure for Eligibility for Focused Admissions, Scholarships and Bursaries for First Nations, Inuit and Métis people. Transcripts You must include up-to-date transcripts of ALL undergraduate and graduate studies. Up-to-date transcripts (PDF) are defined as transcripts dated or issued in the fall session of the year of application (if currently registered) or after the last term completed (if not currently registered). Unofficial copies (PDF) are acceptable. It is important to note that an unofficial copy is a copy issued by the university that does not bear the institutional seal or the registrar's signature. It is not a screenshot or a copy directly from your student account (copy and paste). If your transcript is in a language other than English or French, you must submit a certified translated version (PDF). One copy (PDF) of the legend (reverse of each transcript) must be included except for Canadian transcripts. If you took a course or courses in another university or if you participated in an exchange, you must submit the transcript (PDF) even if the marks appear on your home university (this does not apply to candidates admitted to a program at the University of Ottawa). If transcripts are not provided for ALL study listed in your OGS application, the selection committee(s) will have less information on which to base their assessment, which may put your application at a disadvantage or render it inadmissible. Scan and download all your transcripts into one single document using a PDF format. Please note that opening the envelope to scan the transcript will not render it unofficial for the OGS-QEII competition. Retain the paper copy of any uploaded transcripts, as you may be asked to provide it for verification purposes. Quotas arrow_drop_down Each university is assigned an OGS and QEII-GSST allocations according to its share of eligible full-time domestic graduate enrollments. The allocation breakdown of domestic 