Scholarships - Master's Data Science and Business Analytics - University of Amsterdam Master Compare Compare programme Data Science and Business Analytics Scholarships We aim to attract the best and the brightest students to our international classrooms. Therefore, we offer students the opportunity to apply for several scholarships. Scholarships for Master’s students We offer scholarships to students with a non-EU nationality. Please note: scholarship amounts are determined each year and published on the website in the late autumn. No rights can be derived from information about previous years. Amsterdam Merit Scholarship Application opens beginning of October each year. For: outstanding students with a non-EU nationality. Deadline: 15 January. The results of the scholarship applications will be announced at the end of April. More about the Amsterdam Merit Scholarship Amsterdam Economics and Business Talent Fund Application opens beginning of October each year. For: outstanding students with a non-EU nationality in financial need Deadline: 15 January The results of the scholarship applications will be announced at the end of April. More about the Amsterdam Economics and Business Talent Fund Other sources of financial aid The Dutch Ministry of Education and Sciences offers scholarships covering costs of living expenses within the framework of cultural agreements between the Netherlands and other countries. Information is available from the Dutch embassy or consulate in your country or via Grantfinder and the Nuffic . You can also contact the Ministry for Higher Education in your own country. There may be funds or foundations available for students planning to study abroad. Like the Colfuturo Scholarship for students from Colombia. In certain cases it is possible for Dutch/EU students to receive a monthly student loan from the Dutch government (via DUO ). More about other sources of financial aid Cookie Consent The UvA uses cookies to measure, optimise, and ensure the proper functioning of the website. Cookies are also placed in order to display third-party content and for marketing purposes. Click 'Accept' to agree to the placement of all cookies; if you only want to accept functional and analytical cookies, select ‘Decline’. You can change your preferences at any time by clicking on 'Cookie settings' at the bottom of each page. Also read the UvA Privacy statement . Decline Accept Information about cookies In order to access this external content, you need to accept all marketing cookies. Click here to manage your cookie settings.