External Fellowships for International Students - Graduate Studies Office Graduate Studies / Financial Support / External Fellowships - International External Fellowships for International Students Related Pages Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A*STAR) A*STAR Graduate Academy offers and awards scholarships and fellowships to young aspiring scientific talent at top global universities to enable them to pursue their passion in science and to prepare for a rewarding R&D career. Since 2001, A*STAR has supported and nurtured a pipeline of more than 1300 local PhD talent, ensuring a sustainable flow of capable and committed PhD students and early-career researchers at public research institutes, industry and universities, as part of Singapore's efforts to strengthen the growing community of scientific talent in Singapore. Air and Waste Management Association (A&WMA) Graduate Scholarships The Air & Waste Management Association (A&WMA) provides several scholarships to outstanding students who are pursuing courses of study and research leading to careers in air quality, waste management, environmental management / policy / law, and sustainability. Aker Scholarship The Aker Scholarship is for Norwegian students pursuing an advanced degree in all disciplines. Scholarships are limited to students pursuing degrees at Caltech, MIT, Harvard, Stanford, University of Pennsylvania, Oxford, Cambridge, Imperial College London, and the National University of Singapore. Alexander Graham Bell Association for the Deaf and Hard of Hearing Scholarship AG Bell offers several scholarship for full-time students who have a pre-lingual bilateral hearing loss in the moderately-severe to profound range, use listening and spoken language, and who are pursuing a bachelors, masters or doctorate (not law or public policy) degree at an accredited mainstream college or university. American Association of Petroleum Geologists (AAPG) Foundation Grants Grants are open to all geology graduate students. Grants are based on merit, and in part, on the financial needs of the applicant. Although the focus of the program is the support of qualified candidates for Masters or equivalent degrees, qualified doctoral candidates are also encouraged to apply. American Council of Learned Societies (ACLS) - Andrew W. Mellon Fellowship for Dissertation Completion The Mellon/ACLS supports a year of research and writing to help advanced graduate students in the humanities and related social sciences in the last year of PhD dissertation writing. The program encourages timely completion of the PhD. Applicants must be prepared to complete their dissertations within the period of their fellowship tenure. American Council of the Blind Scholarship For blind individuals who plan to attend or are attending college, graduate school or vocational training. American Foundation for the Blind Scholarships The AFB offers the Paul and Ellen Ruckes Scholarship of $1,000 to a full-time undergraduate or graduate student in the field of engineering or in computer, physical, or life sciences. The Karen D. Carsel Memorial Scholarship offers one scholarship of $500 to a full-time graduate student. American Geophysical Union (AGU) - Horton Research Grant in Hydrological Sciences Grants are awarded each year in support of Ph.D. candidates in hydrology or water resources research. American Heart Association (AHA) Predoctoral Fellowship AHA's predoctoral fellowship helps students initiate careers in cardiovascular and stroke research by providing research assistance and training. Proposals are encouraged from all basic science disiplines, bioengineering or biotechnology, public health, behavioral, epidemiological and community and clinical investigations that bear on cardiovascular and stroke problems. American Society for Microbiology (ASM) - Robert D. Watkins Graduate Research Fellowship The goal of the fellowship is to increase the number of underrepresented groups completing doctoral degrees in the microbiological sciences. The ASM Robert D. Watkins Graduate Research Fellowship is aimed at highly competitive graduate students who are enrolled in a Ph.D. program and who have completed their graduate course work in the microbiological sciences. The fellowship encourages students to continue and complete their research project in the microbiological sciences. American Water Works Association (AWWA) The AWWA offers scholarships for graduate students conducting research in the improvement of drinking water quality and supply. Argonne National Laboratory - Graduate Student Programs Argonne National Laboratory offers several opportunities for qualified graduate students who are engaged in work related to Argonne Programs. Autism Speaks - Dennis Weatherstone Predoctoral Fellowships Autism Speaks supports global biomedical research into the diagnosis, causes, prevention and treatment of autism. Autism Speaks invites applications from predoctoral students interested in pursuing careers in autism research. Candidates must be an enrolled student in a program leading to a research doctorate such as a Ph.D. or Sc.D., or a combined degree such as an M.D./Ph.D., in an academic department of an accredited university or health/medical institution. The selected pre-doctoral fellow must spend at least 80% of his/her professional time engaged exclusively in their Autism Speaks' autism research related activities for the duration of the award, and cannot simultaneously hold another named fellowship award during the support period. International applications are encouraged. Chateaubriand Fellowships for Science & Technology Research in France The Chateaubriand Fellowship in Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics & Health for doctoral students aims to initiate or reinforce collaborations, partnerships or joint projects between French and American research teams. The Chateaubriand Fellowship supports PhD students registered in an American university who wish to conduct part of their doctoral research in a French laboratory. This fellowship is offered by the Office for Science & Technology (OST) of the Embassy of France in Washington in partnership with American universities and French research organizations such as Inserm and Inria. It is a partner of the National Science Foundation's GROW program . Christine H. Eide Memorial Scholarship Award For full-time graduate or undergraduate students who are legally blind and who are entering or attending an accredited college or university. Council of Graduate Schools (CGS)/Proquest Distinguished Dissertation Award Sponsored jointly by CGS and ProQuest Dissertations Publishing, a Division of ProQuest Information and Learning, and first presented in 1981, these awards are made annually to individuals who, in the opinion of the award committee, have completed dissertations representing original work that makes an unusually significant contribution to the discipline. Two awards are given annually in two different broad areas (biological sciences; social sciences; mathematics, physical sciences and engineering; and humanities and fine arts). Individuals must be nominated for these awards by a member institution. Epilepsy Foundation of America - Research Training Fellowships The Epilepsy Foundation supports a series of grants and fellowships to advance the understanding of epilepsy that will lead to better treatment, more effective prevention, and ultimately to a cure. Funding is available to researchers at all professional levels including students, junior investigators and established investigators. Facebook Graduate Fellowship Program Facebook offers fellowships to graduate students in computer science, electrical engineering, and related fields. Fermilab Graduate Student Research Program in Theoretical Physics The Fermilab Graduate Student Research Program in Theoretical Physics is intended for graduate students at U.S. universities who are in the research phase of graduate study in theoretical particle physics or theoretical astrophysics. Positions in this program will last for one year (12 months), generally starting in the Fall. Graduate students in the Graduate Student Research Program will remain matriculated at their home universities but be in residence at Fermilab. Fulbright Program for Foreign Students The Fulbright Program brings citizens of other countries to the United States for Master's degree or Ph.D. study at U.S. universities or other appropriate institutions. Foreign students apply for Fulbright Fellowships through the Fulbright Commission/Foundation or U.S. Embassy in their home countries. The Institute of International Education (IIE) arranges academic placement for most Fulbright nominees and supervises participants during their stay in the United States. See the Fulbright website for country specific information. Google Lime Scholarship for Students with Disabilities Google has partnered with Lime Connect , a nonprofit organization that supports students with disabilities while they pursue education and promising careers, to help university students with disabilities work toward their academic goals in the field of computer science. Google US/Canada PhD Fellowship The Google U.S./Canada PhD Student Fellowship recognizes outstanding graduate students doing exceptional work in computer science and related disciplines. Applicants must be nominated by their department and forwarded to the Graduate Studies Office for review. Two finalists will then be forwarded to Google for consideration in the national competition. The Grass Foundation Fellowship Program Grass Fellowships at the Marine Biological Laboratory (MBL) in Woods Hole, Massachusetts, USA, support investigator-designed, independent research projects by scientists early in their career. Early investigators (late stage predoctoral trainees and beyond) are eligible to apply. This includes applicants with prior experience at MBL or with the Grass Foundation (MBL course alumni are encouraged to apply). Priority is given to applicants with a demonstrated commitment to pursuing a research career. Please see FAQ page on website or contact the Program Coordinator for more information. International Fellows (i.e., not US citizens or resident aliens) must hold a valid visa (J-1, H-1B, F1 or F1-OPT) for the entire duration of the fellowship. HENAAC Scholars Program All science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) majors qualify for the HENAAC scholarships. Applicants must be of Hispanic descent and/or must significantly participate in and promote organizations and activities in the Hispanic community. HHMI International Student Research Fellowships This fellowship program supports outstanding international predoctoral students studying in the United States who are ineligible for fellowships or training grants through U.S. federal agencies. Participation is by invitation only. Nominated students must be in their second or third year of study to apply for the fellowship. To activate the fellowship, students must be in the third or fourth year of a PhD program at one of the designated institutions. Students in the first, second, or fifth year of their PhD programs cannot activate the fellowship. In no case will support be provided past year five of a PhD program. Students invited to participate in this program are eligible for a fellowship to support years three, four, and five of a PhD program. Eligible fields of study include biology, chemistry, physics, math, computer science, engineering, and plant biology—as well as interdisciplinary research. IBM Ph.D. Fellowship The IBM Ph.D. Fellowship Awards Program is an intensely competitive worldwide program, which honors exceptional Ph.D. students who have an interest in solving problems that are important to IBM and fundamental to innovation in many academic disciplines and areas of study. These include: computer science and engineering (including cyber security, cloud, and mobile computing), ele