Student Awards Scholarships | Future Students. University of Toronto Skip to main content Student Awards & Scholarships Student awards include scholarships and grants, which are non-repayable monetary awards issued based on criteria such as merit, financial need, community engagement, leadership and athletic performance. Recognizing and supporting you We celebrate your achievements and support your journey with thousands of scholarships, awards and grants available throughout your undergraduate studies. As an applicant, you'll be automatically considered for most entrance scholarships and admission awards. Some additional awards may require an application, such as the Awards Profile , which is available to eligible domestic students. You can also use our Award Explorer to browse all available scholarships. Explore our admission awards Learn about the Awards Profile Access the Awards Explorer $55M in admission awards for 7,100 undergraduate students 5,700 admission awards administered by our colleges, faculties and divisions $18.1M in in-course awards for 7,900 undergraduate students Spotlight scholarships The National Scholarship Program The National Scholarship Program is our most notable award for Canadian high school students and recognizes original and creative thinkers, community leaders, and high academic achievers. Lester B. Pearson International Scholarship The Pearson International Scholarships reward exceptional academics, creativity, and leadership, highlighting students' impact on their school and community, as well as their global potential. What is an award, grant and scholarship? Student awards are non-repayable monetary awards issued based on criteria such as merit, financial need, community engagement, leadership, athletic performance and more. Thousands of awards worth more than $100 million are available each year. Award An award can be a scholarship, fellowship, prize, grant or bursary. Grant A monetary award based primarily on financial need. Sometimes “grant” and “bursary” are used interchangeably. Scholarship A monetary award based on academic excellence alone or in combination with financial need. External scholarship programs Looking beyond U of T's own awards, we also partner with organizations to offer scholarships that recognize outstanding students. These programs provide generous funding and other opportunities to help you thrive throughout your undergraduate journey. Expand All Beland Honderich Awards The Beland Honderich Award provides four annual $5,000 scholarships (renewable for up to four years) to students in the Pathways to Education Regent Park Program—two entering from Grade 8 and two graduating from Grade 12. Nominees are selected based on academic potential and socioeconomic need, and recipients must typically enroll in an undergraduate program at the University of Toronto. Renewal of the award is conditional on satisfactory academic progress. Loran Scholar The Loran Award offers a four-year leadership-enrichment program, financial support for undergrad, diverse opportunities for experiential learning and a long-term supportive community of peers and mentors—people who will inspire and motivate you in your pursuit to make a difference. Find our more about the Loran Scholar program Schulich Leader Scholarships Schulich Leader Scholarships support outstanding Canadian high school students who are pursuing studies in STEM fields. Each year, up to 10 scholarships are awarded to incoming U of T students: Five scholarships of $120,000 (paid over four years) for students in engineering Five scholarships of $100,000 (paid over four years) for students studying science, technology or math (Specific scholarship distribution is confirmed by Schulich each year in March.) Applicants must be nominated by their school and apply to the scholarship through the Schulich Leader Scholarships website. Learn more about the Schulich Leader Scholarships Scholarships for international students We offer a range of scholarships and awards to recognize outstanding international students. All admitted students, including international applicants, are automatically considered for admission scholarships—no separate application required for most of them. Learn more about international scholarships