Barry Goldwater Scholarship and Excellence in Education Skip to content Read More... Read More... Read More... Read More... Read More... Read More... Read More... Read More... Read More... Read More... Read More... Read More... Read More... Read More... Read More... Read More... Read More... Press Release 2026 GOLDWATER SCHOLARSHIP AWARDS March 27, 2026 -- In 2026, the Goldwater Scholarship and Excellence in Education Foundation proudly celebrates 40 years working to support talented college sophomores and juniors who aspire to become this nation’s next generation of researchers in science, engineering, and mathematics. Thanks to an ongoing partnership with UWorld and the Department of Defense's National Defense Education Program (NDEP), Dr. John Yopp, Chair of the Board of Trustees of the Foundation, announced that the Goldwater Board will award 454 scholarships for the 2026-2027 academic year. This, combined with continued support for 59 sophomores from the 2026 competition, marks the highest total number of Scholars the Foundation has ever supported in a single year. With the 2026 awards, the Goldwater Foundation will have awarded a total of 11,616 scholarships. “The Department of War’s continued partnership with the Goldwater Foundation ensures we are supporting the development of scientific talent essential to maintaining our Nation’s competitive advantage,” said Dr. Jagadeesh Pamulapati, Principal Director for Science and Technology Foundations, who oversees the NDEP program. “The Goldwater Scholarship recognizes students who have the curiosity, discipline, and vision to become the next generation of research leaders,” said Dr. Chandra S. Pemmasani, founder and CEO of UWorld. “UWorld is proud to support these scholars as they pursue discoveries that will advance science, strengthen healthcare, and benefit society.” From an estimated pool of over 5,000 college sophomores and juniors, 1,485 students majoring in science, engineering, and mathematics were nominated by 482 academic institutions to compete for the 2026 Goldwater Scholarships. Among the students who reported, 226 are men, 217 are women, and nearly all intend to pursue a PhD as their highest degree. Of the awardees, 54 Scholars plan to pursue research careers in mathematics and computer science, 237 in the sciences, 98 in medicine, and 65 in engineering and materials research. Among the impressive array of subsequent prestigious awards won by Goldwater Scholars are National Defense Science and Engineering Graduate Fellowships, NSF Graduate Research Fellowships, Hertz Fellowships, Department of Energy Computational Sciences Graduate Fellowships, Churchill Scholarships, and Marshall Scholarships. The Goldwater Foundation is a federally endowed, independent agency established by Public Law 99-661 on November 14, 1986. The scholarship program honoring Senator Barry Goldwater was designed to identify, encourage, and financially support outstanding undergraduates interested in pursuing research careers in the sciences, engineering, and mathematics. The Goldwater Scholarship is the preeminent undergraduate award of its type in these fields. For further information, contact the Goldwater office at (703) 756-6012 or by email at goldwaterao@goldwaterscholarship.gov . UWorld Invests $85,000+ to Support 93 Future Medical Researchers in Partnership with Goldwater Foundation Seven UWorld-supported Goldwater Scholars will receive financial support and product scholarships (DALLAS) April 17, 2026 – UWorld , a global leader in comprehensive academic and professional education, has awarded more than $85,000 in financial and product scholarships for the 2026–27 academic year to 93 recipients pursuing medical research careers in fields ranging from pain pharmacology to neurodegenerative disorders. Through its philanthropic arm, UWorld Cares, UWorld has partnered with The Barry Goldwater Scholarship and Excellence in Education Foundation for the third consecutive year to help students pursuing medical research careers excel in the classroom and in their careers. UWorld’s donation builds on prior support for one of the nation’s most established undergraduate scholarships and continues its investment in students pursuing research careers in science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM). Read more All Doctor of Medicine (M.D.)/Ph.D. and Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine (D.O.)/Ph.D. scholarship recipients will receive complimentary access to UWorld Grad School’s MCAT ® premier question bank. Seven UWorld-supported Goldwater Scholars will also receive a complimentary upgrade to the MCAT Comprehensive Prep Course, 90-day access to UWorld Medical’s USMLE ® Step 1 question bank and up to $7,500 in financial support. Goldwater Scholars are selected for their demonstrated research potential and commitment to careers in science and medicine. The UWorld-supported scholars, who all plan to pursue an M.D./Ph.D., are: Phoenix Bryant , a junior at the University of Maryland, Baltimore County (UMBC), in Baltimore, Maryland, who plans to study epigenetic mechanisms of mental disorders. Her research focuses on protein function in chromatin and on serotonin’s role in brain development. She has conducted research at UMBC and the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai. She serves in the student government and is a STEM editor for the UMBC Review . Amir Etemadi , a junior at Carleton College in Northfield, Minnesota, who plans to study hearing loss. His research includes developing a mouse model for a genetic disorder and studying mitochondrial function in auditory cells. He has performed laboratory techniques, including RNA analysis and quantitative polymerase chain reaction. He is a varsity cross-country athlete and participates in multiple student organizations. Hannah Henson , a junior at Mississippi State University in Starkville, Mississippi, who plans to study women’s health conditions. Her research examines immune responses in cancer treatment, including T-cell dynamics following immunotherapy and radiation. She designed and conducted the study and analyzed the results. She is a pre-health ambassador and works as a teaching assistant and instruction leader. Victoria Ho , a junior chemistry major at the University of Toledo in Toledo, Ohio, who plans to study pain pharmacology. Her research examines alternatives to opioids through compound synthesis in green chemistry. She has worked on multiple stages of the project, including substrate development and optimization. She is the vice president of the university’s Humanity First student chapter and helps develop a career-readiness curriculum. Trent Lewis , a sophomore at East Tennessee State University in Johnson City, Tennessee, who plans to study bioengineering. His research focuses on plant stress response pathways and enzyme regulation. He has presented his work at the International Genetically Engineered Machine competition in Paris. He is active in debate, student leadership and a campus scientific society. Cole Meador , a junior at Western Kentucky University in Bowling Green, Kentucky, who plans to study neurology. His research examines spinal cord regeneration using computational analysis of gene expression. He is interested in improving the diagnosis and treatment of atypical Parkinsonian disorders. He works at a crisis hotline and participates in community service efforts. Brandon Than , a junior at the University of Houston in Houston, Texas, who plans to study cancer immunology. His research at UT MD Anderson Cancer Center examines methods to enhance T-cell responses against tumors. He has contributed to a study on expanding tumor-specific immune cells. He founded a summer internship program and leads a social-emotional learning initiative for children from asylum-seeking families. “Supporting Goldwater Scholars reflects our commitment to strengthening the pipeline of future physician-scientists and researchers,” said Chandra S. Pemmasani, M.D., founder and CEO of UWorld. “These students are already contributing to critical areas of medical research, and by investing in their training early, we can help accelerate the discoveries that will shape the future of healthcare.” UWorld’s MCAT question bank features 3,000+ questions with detailed answer explanations plus an adaptive study planner and digital flashcards. The MCAT Comprehensive Prep Course features eight interactive print and digital MCAT prep books, 3,000+ questions with detailed answer explanations, 450 concept check questions across lessons, 1,100+ high-yield video lessons, seven Association of American Medical Colleges (AAMC ® ) practice exams, and a full-length practice exam. The USMLE Step 1 question bank offers 3,600+ exam-like questions based on real-life clinical scenarios, one self-assessment, and access to the medical library with 1,200+ expert-curated articles. “Investments from UWorld help ensure that talented students have the resources they need to continue their work and contribute to the nation’s research enterprise,” said John Yopp, chair of the Goldwater Board of Trustees. “These scholars are well-positioned to drive the next generation of breakthroughs in science and medicine.” About UWorld UWorld is a global leader in comprehensive academic and professional education. Since 2003, the company has helped millions of high school, undergraduate, graduate and professional students prepare for high-stakes accounting, college admissions, finance, legal, medical, nursing and pharmacy exams and achieve their academic and career goals. UWorld supports students and educators with comprehensive courses, high-quality practice questions, and detailed answer explanations designed to improve outcomes. Aspen Publishing, Efficient Learning, JD-Next ® , Roger CPA Review ® , RxPrep ® and Themis Bar Review ® are UWorld companies. Learn more at UWorld.com . 2026 Scholars List of the 2026 Barry Goldwater scholars Last Name, First Name Legal State School Institution State Field of Study Career Goal Campus Rep Mentor(s) Abel, Kiyan California University of California-Irvine California Engineering I aim to build a career as a scientist developing new protein design and computational tools that transform how molecular diagnostics and therapeutics are discovered and engineered. Rose Jones Dr. Yutong Yu, Dr. Jolene Ranek, Dr. Federico Olivieri Abramoff, Boaz Iowa United States Air Force Academy Colorado Engineering Earn a Ph.D. in Aerospace Engineering. Conduct research in hypersonic flight for civil and defense applications, as well as teach at the undergraduate and graduate school levels. Joseph Eichholz Dr. Matthew Munson, Lt. Col. Matthew Satchell, Lt. Col. Kavir Patel Agatep, Ashley California Chapman University California Life Sciences Ph.D. and professorship in environmental science, addressing the intersections of environmental hazards, human and ecological health, and earth systems by developing and using novel satellite data. John Hunter Dr. Joshua B Fisher, Dr. Jason A Douglas, Dr. Gregory Goldsmith Ahluwalia, Pavan Texas University of North Texas Texas Materials Research Ph.D. in Materials Science and Engineering. Conduct research on interfacial engineering to achieve near-zero-defect reliability in advanced IC packaging for autonomous vehicles and AI computing. James Duban Dr. Oliver Chyan, Dr. Yuri Strzhemechny, Dr. Stephen Sekula Aikin, Tatum Kansas University of Kansas Kansas Life Sciences After completing my undergraduate degree, I aspire to earn a Ph.D. in Immunology. I would like to become a leader in academic immunology research, with an eventual goal of research at the NIH. Mulu Lemma Dr. Robin Orozco, Dr. Mary Markiewicz Alaniz, Cade Texas Texas A & M University-College Station Texas Materials Research PhD in Chemistry. Conduct research in the fields of energy storage and conversion to connect industry and academia. Pursue a tenure-track faculty position at an R1 institution to continue research. Gise