Institute Grants Max Planck Institute for Comparative Public Law and International Law Toggle navigation Search Contact News Institute Research Interaction at the Institute Research Library Publications You are here: Research Interaction at the Institute Visiting Scholars Institute Grants Discussion and Working Formats Doctoral Training Visiting Scholars Welcome Center Institute Grants Self-Financed and Third-Party Financed Research Stays Life at the Institute Planning your Trip Living in Heidelberg Internship Programme Max Planck Law HeiParisMax Max Planck-Cambridge Prize for International Law ICJ - Judicial Fellows Programme MPIL Journalist in Residence Institute Grants The Max Planck Institute for Comparative Public Law and International Law offers a limited number of research grants for foreign scholars. The grants are financed by the Max Planck Society and are intended to support research at the Institute. The maximum length of a grant is 6 months. Applicants are preferred whose projects are capable of promoting the research interests of the Institute. Among these interests are co-work on Institute projects, joint projects of Institute fellows and visiting scholars, as well as individual projects of visiting scholars, to the extent they fall within the research fields of the Institute. Topical proximity to the ongoing Institutional Projects is an advantage. Who can apply for an Institute grant? doctoral candidates from foreign institutions post-docs and other scholars at an advanced stage of training from foreign institutions professors and senior scholars with equivalent academic achievements from foreign institutions In principle, no grants will be awarded to persons pursuing a doctorate in Germany. Application A complete application must include the following documents: a cover letter/motivation letter indicating, inter alia, information about the home institution and the planned research period at the Max Planck Institute (concrete dates of arrival and departure DD-MM-YYYY) a curriculum vitae in tabular form (with personal information incl. nationality and residential address) a brief list of selected publications (1-2 pages) a short sketch of the proposed project (topic/headline, project description and research plan, max. 4 pages) additionally, junior academics (PhD candidates, doctoral students, etc.) must submit two references signed by the issuing experts and printed on headed paper containing significant details about the applicant and the project. This regulation does not apply to junior academics working at or assigned to other Max Planck Institutes. It is mandatory to upload the documents in German or English language as pdf files in the online-application. Please note that only complete application packs including reference letters will be accepted. In your own interest, we recommend that you apply early since submission of additional or missing documents will be accepted within the application period only. To guarantee equal opportunities, applications and documents presented later or sent by e-mail cannot be taken into consideration. Applicants will be notified of the Institute’s decision approximately 8-10 weeks after the application deadline. Please note that with this online-application you can only apply for grants awarded by the Max Planck Institute for Comparative Public Law and International Law . Applications for grants awarded by other Max Planck institutes cannot be accepted here! The application deadline for Institute Grants in 2026 has expired. The next application round for grants in 2027 is expected to start on 1st June 2026 and will expire after a deadline on 31st July 2026. After activation, the following link will be available. Max Planck Institute Anne Peters Things to know about Institute grants Amount of the grant The amount of the grant varies according to academic qualifications: - € 1.365,00 / month (doctoral candidates) - € 2.500,00 / month (research grant, group 1) - € 3.000,00 / month (research grant, group 2) Travel and other expenses Travel expenses to and from Heidelberg are not included in the grant. The Institute will not reimburse travel expenses. No allowances or reimbursement will be given for further costs or outlays. Language knowledge The required level of German language proficiency depends above all on the planned research. In any case, a sufficient knowledge of German or English to allow for integration into the Institute community is assumed. Accommodations Please arrange for accommodations in a timely manner before your arrival. Housing in Heidelberg is in short supply and also rather expensive. It can be difficult to find a furnished room even for just a few months. If desired, we will send you a list of guest houses in the area. We kindly ask that you book accommodations yourself. The Institute cannot assume this task or act as your agent in this regard. Health insurance Visiting scholars are not insured by the Max Planck Institute. You are advised to extend your existing insurance coverage or to obtain insurance specifically covering the duration of your stay. Please make sure that your health insurance is conforming to German standards. The responsibility for the structure of your private health insurance organization should be able to advise you on this. Proof of sufficient health insurance is required at the latest when commencing the grant. Further questions? For additional information about the grant program, please contact the International Officer, Ms. Christa Stadler ( internationalofficer@mpil.de )