Scholarships and grants | Financial matters | Admissions | AUAS Scholarships and grants International students at AUAS can apply for a few different scholarships. On this page, you find more information about the NL Scholarship. You may also use the Study in NL Grantfinder at the bottom of this page to explore more options, or contact our International Offices directly. NL Scholarship The €5000 NL Scholarship (opens in new window) (formerly known as the Holland Scholarship) is open to international students from outside the European Economic Area (EEA) who want to do their Bachelor’s or Master’s in the Netherlands. The EEA consists of the European Union (EU) plus Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. -> Naar de website NL Scholarship (opens in new window) Application criteria - You are a prospective student - You are applying for a programme in the Netherlands for the first time - You will be paying the institutional tuition fee - Your nationality is non-EEA - You do not have a degree from an education institution in the Netherlands - You are applying for a full-time English-taught Bachelor’s or Master’s programme at the Amsterdam University of Applied Sciences (AUAS) * - You meet the specific admission requirements set by the AUAS programme you want to study - You have not received an NL Scholarship before * Global Sustainable Businesss Management Master students cannot apply for the NL Scholarship. How to apply Applications for the 2026–2027 academic year will open in March 2026. To access the application form you have to login with your AUAS ID. The Central Student Administration sends you your AUAS ID by email after applying for a degree programme in Studielink. Before starting the application procedure, make sure to activate your AUAS ID . The International Office of the AUAS programme you wish to enrol in can help you with any questions regarding the NL Scholarship. Application form NL Scholarship (available from March 2026) (opent in een nieuw venster) Amsterdam Talent Scholarship (ATS) (not offered anymore) The Amsterdam Talent Scholarship is no longer offered by the Amsterdam University of Applied Sciences. As stated on the website, students who began their studies in the 2024/2025 academic year or later, are not eligible to apply for this scholarship. If you started your studies in the 2023/2024 academic year or earlier, click here for more information. Find a scholarship with the Grantfinder The Study in NL Grantfinder (opens in new window) gives you a complete overview of all scholarships available for studying in the Netherlands. Questions? Contact the International Office All faculties of the Amsterdam University of Applied Sciences have their own International Office. The International Office can help you with information, advice and assistance regarding studying abroad. Contact details Useful links Health Insurance Housing Register with the municipality Work while studying Working after graduation Student support and medical assistance