CS Scholarships and Funding for Students | Code.org Scholarships Connect students with scholarships and financial aid options to help them pursue computer science education with fewer barriers. Find CS-focused scholarships Scholarships can help you pay for school without taking out costly student loans. View the featured scholarships, and be sure to use one or more of the scholarship finders below to find other scholarships to apply for. JUMP TO SECTION Search for scholarships Featured scholarships Search for scholarships CareerOneStop Searchable database of college scholarships from the U.S. Department of Labor. Use keywords to search, or sort using filters. Visit website Niche Scholarship Finder Searchable database of college scholarships from Niche. Sort using filters. Visit website CollegeScholarships.org Searchable database of college scholarships. Use keywords to search, or sort using filters. Visit website Scholarships.com Comprehensive list of computer science scholarships. Visit website Featured scholarships Amazon Future Engineer Scholarship A serious 2-for-1 opportunity for students like you. $40,000 for college and a paid programming internship at Amazon for high school students from underserved and historically underrepresented backgrounds planning to major in CS. Visit website Natives in Tech + NuCamp $50,000 scholarship fund to prepare and launch more Native technologists into high-demand coding careers. Beyond inclusion within Nucamp’s national network of coders, students will engage with Natives in Tech’s growing community for networking and support. Visit website AISES Scholarships AISES offers a number of scholarships that help students acquire skills and training that will help them meet the unique STEM needs of their communities. Students must be members of AISES to apply. Visit website Visit website Google Scholarships Google offers a number of scholarships to students that identify with groups historically excluded from the technology industry. Visit website Society of Women Engineers Scholarships SWE Scholarships support those who identify as a female/woman and are pursuing an ABET-accredited bachelor or graduate student program in preparation for careers in engineering, engineering technology and computer science globally. Visit website Black at Microsoft Scholarship The Black at Microsoft (BAM) group offers a number of scholarships to high school students of African American descent planning on majoring in engineering, computer science, or business. Visit website Additional resources Paragraph Curriculum Catalog Comprehensive curriculum offerings for every grade and experience level featuring robust structured and self-paced learning options. Explore curriculum catalog Video Library Explore our large library of engaging and informative videos to learn about key AI and computer science concepts on a broad range of topics. Explore all videos Hour of AI Looking for more short-form activities and resources for all age levels? Explore our library of Hour of AI activities and tutorials! Explore Hour of AI