7 Best Artificial Intelligence Scholarships in Canada 2026 - Scholarships to Study Abroad Skip to content It’s no longer news that artificial intelligence (AI) is reshaping our world whether it’s in healthcare and finance or self-driving cars and climate change solutions, we’re seeing the impact of AI on our daily lives, and there’s more to come. However, some people dreaming of being among the world-changers with AI have seen the cost doesn’t come cheap, including in Canada. Speaking of Canada, it’s one of the global leaders in AI research and innovation, offering world-class education and a wealth of funding opportunities for aspiring AI minds. Also, there are quite some artificial intelligence scholarships in Canada that can fuel your ambition, and ease your financial burden especially if you have exceptional academic standing. Moreover, you can still take advantage of some STEM scholarships for foreign students . Also, Canada provides some other available scholarships in other program-related fields like aeronautical engineering , computer science, medicine, nursing , etc. In this blog, we’ll be listing some of the AI scholarships in Canada and also give tips on how you can rightly apply for them. Let’s get started. Table of Contents Toggle Artificial Intelligence Scholarships in Canada 1. The Vector Scholarship in Artificial Intelligence This scholarship is for exceptional students in AI-related master’s programs at Ontario University. Besides the fact that the scholars will receive $17,500 worth of scholarships, they will also become part of the Vector Institute’s community of renowned researchers, major Canadian companies, and AI startups solving high-impact problems. Learn More 2. Google DeepMind Scholarship There is never a doubt that Google won’t be among the list of providers of AI-related scholarships in Canada due to their always-investing policy on tech education. Almost similar to other Google scholarships , the vision of this scholarship is to make the AI ecosystem more representative of society. Google planned to build a stronger and more inclusive AI community, which can bring a wider range of experiences to the fields of AI and computer science through this scholarship. The $11,700 worth of scholarship is basically for students from underrepresented groups, who are seeking graduate studies in AI-related and adjacent fields. Learn More 3. Canadian International Development Scholarships This is among the Artificial Intelligence scholarships in Canada that were created to strengthen the social and economic development of women and men. Preference is given to women in 26 eligible francophone countries, Commonwealth countries, and Small Island Developing States. The program is not only for students in AI-related fields but also key areas like STEM (science, technology, engineering, and mathematics), green and blue economies, climate action, health sciences, and governance and administration. Learn More 4. AI4PH and Health Equity Trainee Scholarship Program The Artificial Intelligence for Public Health and Health Equity Trainee Scholarship Program was created to support trainee projects aligned to the goals of the AI4PH HRTP; to enable skill development and capacity for artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) innovations in public health research and practice that have a critical focus on equity and disease prevention. Applicants must be PhD, DrPH, or MSc trainees registered in a full-time graduate program. The scholarship is worth between 6,000 CAD to 20,000 CAD. Learn More 5. Nova Scotia Graduate Scholarship This is one of the AI scholarships in Canada that is exclusively for African Nova Scotian or Mi’kmaq research graduates at Dalhousie for innovative work aligned with or advancing Nova Scotia priorities. The scholarship is worth $10,000 per year for up to two years. Learn More 6. CIFAR Inclusive AI Scholarship Program Our list of artificial intelligence scholarships in Canada won’t be complete without mentioning this program because its goal is to advance equity, diversity, and inclusion in the Canadian AI ecosystem and globally. CIFAR provides annual training to Canadian and international students– from high school students to postdoctoral fellows. To reduce barriers to participation, they provided fully-funded scholarships for the participation of self-identified Black and Indigenous. Learn More 7. IVADO Scholarships and Grants IVADO provides several funding programs for scientific research in artificial intelligence. They even go further to partner with other organizations to provide other varieties of financial support such as; IVADO Postdoctoral Fellowship Program Scientist in Residence Entrepreneur Postdoc Fellowships Scientist in Action Learn More Now that we’ve listed these scholarships, let’s talk a little bit more about how to properly apply for AI scholarships Tips for Finding and Applying for AI Scholarships Start Early This can never be overstated, you need to start early, whether you’ll be automatically awarded a scholarship from the school or you’re applying for an external scholarship, early application matters a lot. Target the Right Scholarships I need to emphasize that “all scholarships are not for you,” you need to go through the scholarships you’re eligible for by matching your profile and research interest to them. Pay close attention to eligibility criteria, required documents, and submission deadlines. Don’t miss any specific requirements for AI-related programs. Strengthen your Application The next criteria you must do is to strengthen your application on your personal statement by highlighting your passion for AI, emphasizing your research experience, and academic achievements, and providing transcripts. Key Takeaway There might not be so many exclusive AI scholarships in Canada, but most universities in Canada automatically award scholarships to their new students. These scholarships have made pursuing an AI education in Canada not just a dream, but a tangible goal within reach. It’s advisable to leverage the supportive network of advisors, researchers, and fellow students that thrive in Canada’s vibrant AI ecosystem. Author’s Recommendations 7 Scholarships For Vegetarians . Verizon Scholarship Application . Uber Scholarship Application . Health Professions Scholarship Program (HPSP) Related Scholarships Canadian Scholarships Search Search Search for: Search Button