Scholarships for international applicants Scholarships for international applicants Looking for ways to fund your studies in Canada? Explore our featured scholarship opportunities. For more information about scholarships, study, and research opportunities in Canada, please refer to the Frequently asked questions . Most requested Search for scholarships Plan your studies Study permits and visas Search colleges and universities Beyond borders: education stories Study costs for international students Services and information Emerging Leaders in the Americas Program Scholarships for students in Latin America and the Caribbean to pursue short-term studies or research in Canada. Study in Canada Scholarships Scholarships for students in select countries and territories in Asia, Europe, the Middle East and North Africa, and Sub-Saharan Africa to pursue short-term studies or research in Canada. Scholarships and Educational Exchanges for Development – Phase 2 (SEED-2) Scholarships for students from the Member States of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), Pacific Island Countries and Mongolia to pursue short-term studies or research in Canada. Canada-China Scholars’ Exchange Program An official exchange program between Canada and China that promotes mutual understanding. Scholarships are awarded to Chinese scholars for research in Canada. Canadian International Development Scholarships 2030 Scholarships for professionals and scholars in select countries to study and train in Canada. The program supports the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals by providing quality education and training opportunities. Organization of American States Academic Scholarships Program Scholarships available to students from other OAS member states to pursue graduate studies or research in Canada. Features Deadline approaching: Emerging Leaders in the Americas Program March 17, 2026 – Canadian postsecondary institutions have until March 31, 2026, to submit an application to Global Affairs Canada’s Emerging Leaders in the Americas Program (ELAP) for the 2026-2027 academic year! Deadline approaching: Study in Canada Scholarships March 17, 2026 – Canadian postsecondary institutions have until March 31, 2026, to submit an application to Global Affairs Canada’s Study in Canada Scholarships for the 2026-2027 academic year! Deadline approaching: Scholarships and Educational Exchanges for Development – Phase 2 (SEED-2) March 10, 2026 – Canadian post-secondary institutions have until March 24, 2026 to submit applications to the Scholarships and Educational Exchanges for Development – Phase 2 (SEED-2) program. Date modified: 2026-03-17