International Students Scholarships | Future Students. University of Toronto Skip to main content Scholarships For International Students During the admissions review process, international applicants are automatically considered for most of our admission awards. These merit-based awards celebrate your achievements without requiring a separate application. International awards spotlight Here is a sample of some of the awards that international students can be considered for: Expand All President's Scholars of Excellence Program Approximately 150 of the most highly qualified students applying to first year of direct-entry, undergraduate studies will be distinguished as President's Scholars of Excellence (PSEP). Outstanding domestic and international secondary school students are considered automatically for the President's Scholars of Excellence Program upon admission. Find out more about PSEP U of T Scholars Program The U of T Scholars Program provides recognition to the university's outstanding students. In some cases a U of T Scholars award is tenable in conjunction with other admission awards that students may receive from their campus, faculty or college. Outstanding domestic and international secondary school students are considered automatically for these awards on the basis of their average at the time of admission. Find out more about the U of T Scholars Program U of T Engineering International Scholarships Faculty of Applied Science & Engineering All international applicants that wish to be considered for this award should complete the Financial Information section of the Online Student Profile by January 15 to be eligible for consideration. Learn more about the Engineering International Scholarships Arts & Science Global Scholarship Faculty of Arts & Science Offered upon admission to selected outstanding international students on the basis of merit to the Faculty of Arts & Science. Financial need may be considered. Students are automatically considered for this award. The value of the award is equal to the cost of international tuition, including tuition fees, incidental fees and UHIP fees for four consecutive years, or until degree completion, whichever comes first. Residence fees are not included under this award. Learn more about the Global Scholarship Arts & Science International Undergraduate Entrance Award Faculty of Arts & Science Offered upon admission to selected international students on the basis of merit. Students are automatically considered for this award. The total award value is indicated on your Join U of T applicant portal, and is payable towards the first year of study. This award is non-renewable. Learn more about the Arts & Science International Undergraduate Entrance Award University of Toronto International Scholar Award - UTM U of T Mississauga International students applying from secondary school who are admitted to U of T Mississauga will automatically be considered for the University of Toronto International Scholar Award - UTM. Recipients are selected by committee based on academic achievement and overall academic competitiveness. Find out more about the University of Toronto International Scholar Award - UTM International Scholar Award - U of T Scarborough U of T Scarborough International students applying from secondary school who are admitted to U of T Scarborough will automatically be considered for scholarships. International applicants are highly encouraged to complete the International Financial Aid Profile, which is available in the Join U of T portal. Learn more about the U of T Scarborough Entrance Scholarships for International Students Lester B. Pearson International Scholarship The Lester B. Pearson International Scholarships is the largest scholarship program for international students in Canada. These full 4-year scholarships recognize students who demonstrate exceptional academic achievement and are leaders within their school. Applicants must be nominated by their high school to be considered for the scholarship program. Become a Pearson Scholar Notice About Scholarship Offers The University of Toronto has been alerted to fraudulent emails that scholarship offers or assistance with applications to our Lester B. Pearson International Scholarship program. Please exercise caution when researching scholarship opportunities and assessing communications about our programs. The university does not work with recruitment agents or agencies. Scholarships are only offered to students who have submitted applications directly to the university. In-Course Scholarships Beyond our admission scholarships, University of Toronto students have access to over 5,900 in-course scholarships every year. Use our Award Explorer tool to find all of the scholarships that may be available to you once you're a U of T student.