GrantMe Log In Take Assessment 8 STEM Scholarships for Students in Canada Adam Griffiths - September 4, 2024 Looking for scholarships to help you complete your STEM degree? There are many funding opportunities to help you succeed! Ranging from $1,000 to $10,000, these scholarships will help you accomplish your post-secondary goals. Here’s our list of the top 8 STEM scholarships for students in Canada. SME Education Foundation Scholarships This STEM scholarship is for students pursuing engineering or manufacturing programs! Students at all levels of study, from diploma to advanced degrees, are eligible to apply. With just one application, you can apply for over 60 scholarships available. Be sure to check out their website for more info on how to apply! Charles Labtiuk Scholarship If you’re passionate about ecosystems and the natural environment, this is the STEM scholarship for you! It’s named in honour of Charles Labtiuk, an avid nature conservationist, mountaineer, and world traveller who enjoyed and excelled as a photographer, writer, gardener, and pianist. To apply, write a 1,000-word essay on nature conservation and your career goals. You could win a $1000 scholarship towards your education! Brower Youth Awards The Brower Youth Awards are the most robust STEM scholarships on this list! Not only do the winners receive a $3,000 scholarship, but they also receive a professionally produced short film about their work, and a weeklong trip to the San Francisco Bay Area. The awards are open to youth environmental change leaders under the age of 22 living anywhere in North America. To access in-depth coaching and guidance on your application, check out the GrantMe platform ! Our trained essay editors know exactly what the selection committees look for and can help you draft a winning application. Bi-Annual Environmental Awareness Scholarship Essay This organization offers two $1000 scholarships each year for students interested in environmentalism! The application is simple and straightforward. Simply write a 1,000-word essay on a chosen topic. 2021’s prompt is focused on the impacts of climate change. Society of Women Engineers Scholarship This STEM scholarship for women pursuing engineering, engineering technology, or computer science! You can be studying at any level—diploma, degree, or post-grad. Nearly 260 awards are available. To apply, complete the application form and submit a reference letter. For more opportunities, check out our guide on the top scholarships for women in Canada ! CIBC Future Heroes Bursary Fund In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, CIBC launched this bursary fund! It’s open to students pursuing careers in healthcare. Students in both diploma and bachelor programs with a 70% average are eligible to apply. Winners receive a $2,500 scholarship! Bank of Canada Scholarships The Bank of Canada offers 12 scholarships each year specifically for students in programs related to the work of the Bank. This includes computer science, mathematics, software development, network engineering, and more! They specifically allocate these scholarships to students who contribute to a diverse and talented workforce. Students with disabilities, Indigenous students, and students who identify as members of a visible minority group are especially encouraged to apply! Each scholarship is worth $4,000 and can be renewed for four years. That means you can receive up to $16,000 towards your degree! You can apply to the Bank of Canada Scholarships via GrantMe while also getting guidance and support along the way! Generation Google Scholarship Google offers this scholarship for students pursuing computer science, computer engineering, or a closely related technical field! They look for students with strong academics, demonstrated leadership, and a commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion. Students from groups traditionally excluded from the tech industry (including BIPOC and women) are especially encouraged to apply. You can be studying at any level in Canada or the US. To apply, submit a resume, academic transcript, and 3 short essays. If selected, you’ll win $5,000 towards your education! Want to Increase Your Chances? Discover the strategies that have helped over 20,000+ students secure admission to top schools and graduate debt-free by joining us in our free online webinar . Join our webinar and learn: The scholarship system that ANY student can use to secure funding The system students use to double their odds of getting into their top university & winning scholarships How top university candidates build their applications and how to write your applications to get into top schools The research method used by students to win over $5,000,000, find awards they’re eligible for, and save 30+ hours How GrantMe’s programs guarantee success for over 20,000+ students Interested? Save your spot here . Join The GrantMe Program Get Started The leading education planning platform for a future full of options. Company About Us Careers Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Community Our Students Blog Affiliate Program Tools University Budget Calculator GradeGuide Scholarship Eligibility Quiz Admissions Eligibility Quiz Sign Up Copyright © 2010-2026 GrantMe Consulting Inc. All rights reserved.