NL Scholarship 2026 | Ministry of Education Skip to content If you plan to study in the Netherla nds with financial support, the NL Scholarship is one of the best opportunities for international students. This scholarship provides fully funded programs across a wide range of fields. In this article, we have explained everything you need to know about the NL Scholarship, including its benefits, eligibility criteria, required documents, and a detailed step-by-step application process to help you apply successfully. The Dutch government offers NL scholarships for undergraduate and master’s studies for the academic year 2026-2027. The recipient of this scholarship will receive €5,000 to cover their tuition fees. The NL Scholarship is accepting applications from non-EEA international students to pursue undergraduate and master’s studies at the Dutch research universities and universities of applied sciences in the Netherlands. The Dutch Ministry of Education, Culture, and Science offers the Holland Scholarship to bright students. Scholarship Summary Level of Study: Undergraduate / Masters Institution(s): Participating research universities and participating universities of applied sciences Study Destination: Netherlands Courses Offered: Bachelor’s or master’s programs in eligible fields of study offered by the participating institutions. Program Period: The grant is awarded for one year and can only be received once. Participating research universities Below is an overview of the Dutch research universities participating in the NL Scholarship for the 2026-2027 academic year. You can find the specific closing dates and the fields of study for this academic year on the website of the institution you want to apply to. Eindhoven University of Technology Maastricht University Protestant Theological University Radboud University Theological University Apeldoorn University of Groningen University of Twente Utrecht Theological University Utrecht University VU Amsterdam Wageningen University & Research Participating universities of applied sciences Below is an overview of the Dutch universities of applied sciences participating in the NL Scholarship for the next academic year. Aeres University of Applied Sciences Amsterdam University of Applied Sciences Amsterdam University of the Arts ArtEZ Institute of the Arts Breda University of Applied Sciences Codarts Rotterdam Design Academy Eindhoven Driestar Christian University Fontys University of Applied Sciences Gerrit Rietveld Academie The Hague University of Applied Sciences Hanze University of Applied Sciences Hotel School The Hague HAN University of Applied Sciences HKU University of Applied Sciences HU University of Applied Sciences Utrecht HZ University of Applied Sciences NHL Stenden University of Applied Sciences Rotterdam University of Applied Sciences Saxion University of Applied Sciences Thomas More Hogeschool University of the Arts, The Hague Zuyd University of Applied Sciences The NL Scholarship Application Deadline The application deadline for the NL Scholarship varies, typically from February to June, depending on the participating institution. The application for the academic year 2026-2027 opened on 1 November 2025. Please check the website of the institution you want to apply to for the specific deadline(s). Scholarship Coverage The NL Scholarship provides the recipient with: Scholarship amount: €5,000. Please note that this is not a full-tuition scholarship. Eligibility Criteria for the NL Scholarship To qualify for the NL Scholarship, candidates must fulfil all of the following requirements: Required Languages: English Eligible Countries: Non-EEA International Students You are applying for a full-time bachelor’s or master’s program at one of the participating Dutch higher education institutions. Your nationality is non-EEA. You meet the specific requirements of the institution of your choice, which may include academic qualifications, language proficiency, and relevant experience. You can find them on the institution’s website. For more, click here . You do not have a degree from an educational institution in the Netherlands. How to apply for the NL Scholarship? Please follow the instructions below to avail yourself of the NL Scholarship: Apply for the NL Scholarship . Click here . You can find an overview of participating research universities, participating universities of applied sciences , and selected fields of study. Compose a letter of motivation (max. 500 words) to the university, in which you describe why you are a talented student, considering both your academic achievements and extracurricular activities (e.g., voluntary work). Indicate in your online application that you are applying for the NL Scholarship and upload your scholarship motivation letter where indicated. The university will contact you to let you know if you have been awarded a scholarship. Website To learn more about the NL Scholarship, please visit the official website: Official Website Follow Us Facebook Instagram WhatsApp LinkedIn YouTube X ABOUT ScholarshipRoar.com is an updated listing of international scholarships and internships for students who seek national and global development through higher education. FOLLOW US AND SUBSCRIBE Facebook YouTube Instagram LinkedIn X WhatsApp Leave this field empty if you're human: POPULAR CATEGORIES Undergraduate Scholarships Masters Scholarships PhD Scholarships Postdoctoral Fellowships Internships Application Documents Scholarship Help Desk Go to mobile version