Scholarships for International Students | Study in Holland | Saxion To the content To the search functionality Navigation close Navigation close Close search Saxion is proud to be able to offer scholarships to non-EU students. Find all the scholarships we offer on this page! 👩‍🏫 Saxion Scholarships We are proud to offer scholarships to talented non-EU/EEA students that apply to a bachelor’s or master’s study programme at Saxion for the September start. You will only have to apply once for a Saxion Scholarship (STS/NLS). After receipt of your application we will first consider you for the highest possible scholarship you are eligible for. If you are not selected for that scholarship, you will be subsequently considered for the next. Do you have questions about the Saxion Scholarships? Please visit the FAQ . Please note: Application for a scholarship is only possible after application for a study programme . The deadline to apply for a scholarship passed on 1 May 2026. It is no longer possible to submit an application. NL Scholarship (NLS) The NLS is meant for international students from outside the European Economic Area (EEA) who are coming to the Netherlands for a bachelor's or master's degree. The EEA consists of the EU countries and Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway and Switzerland. The NLS is financed by the Dutch Ministry of Education, Culture and Science and Dutch research universities and universities of applied sciences. Amount EUR 5,000 Eligibility Your nationality is non-EEA You pay the full institutional tuition fee, are applying for the first time for a full-time programme at Saxion, did not study in the Netherlands before, meet the specific requirements of the study programme of your choice, and you do not receive any other scholarship for the same study year and programme. Qualifying programmes All bachelor programmes Master in Applied Nanotechnology Master in Innovative Textile Development Master ICT Software Engineering Requirements GPA 80% or higher and IELTS 7.0 or higher and (conditionally) accepted on 1 May Based on the grade list you use to enrol at Saxion and the IELTS certificate. Please be aware: Only IELTS is accepted as a valid language certificate for the NLS. Selection Procedure Limited number of scholarships available The Saxion Scholarship committee will assess all eligible applicants, then ranking to make a selection, and the result will be announced by email within 30 days after the deadline. How to apply Submit application before 1 May Saxion Talent Scholarship (STS) The STS is meant for talented students who apply for a bachelor programme with above-average study results. Amount EUR 2,500 Eligibility Your nationality is non-EEA You pay full institutional tuition fee, are applying for the first time for a full-time programme at Saxion, meet the specific requirements of the study programme of your choice, and you do not receive any other scholarship for the same study year and programme. Qualifying programmes All bachelor programmes Requirements GPA 75% or higher and IELTS 6.0 or higher and (conditionally) accepted on 1 May Based on the grade list you use to enrol at Saxion and/or the equivalent of IELTS. Selection Procedure Limited number of scholarships available The Saxion Scholarship committee will assess all eligible applicants, then ranking to make a selection, and the result will be announced by email within 30 days after the deadline. How to apply Submit application before 1 May Go to 👉 Total costs & fee structure Insurance How to pay Finance your studies