International Collaboration Opportunities - Office of International Science and Engineering (OD/OISE) | NSF - U.S. National Science Foundation International Collaboration Opportunities View image credit & caption Office of International Science and Engineering (OD/OISE) Share Share on Facebook Share on X (formerly known as Twitter) Share on LinkedIn Email Research and education in science and engineering benefit immensely from international cooperation. The U.S. National Science Foundation enables and encourages U.S. scientists, engineers and their institutions to enhance their research and education programs through international cooperation. NSF also provides opportunities for future generations of U.S. scientists and engineers to gain the experience and outlook they need to be productive and collaborative in an international research and education environment. Below are examples of current international collaboration opportunities. For information on other opportunities, please contact the NSF program director for a particular country . On this page All countries Special opportunity: International collaboration supplements in quantum information science and engineering research Invites requests for supplemental funding from existing quantum information science and engineering research awardees to add a new — or strengthen an existing — international dimension to their award. While collaboration with Australia, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Japan, the Netherlands, South Korea, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom are of particular interest, requests for international supplements to collaborate with other countries will also be considered. The Quad (Australia, India, Japan and the United States) Dear Colleague Letter: Special Guidelines for Submitting Joint Proposals under the Quad AI-ENGAGE Collaborative Research Opportunity NSF is partnering with the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO) of Australia, Japan Science and Technology Agency (JST) and Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) to implement the first use-inspired basic research collaboration under the Quad. Get more information about AI-ENGAGE . Canada NSF and NSERC Collaborative Research Opportunities in Artificial Intelligence and Quantum Science NSF, the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada (NSERC), and the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada (SSHRC) support collaborative international research through bilateral activities and multilateral arrangements. The following opportunities offer support for collaborations between researchers in the U.S. and Canada: Artificial Intelligence and Quantum Science NSF and NSERC Collaborative Research Opportunities in Artificial Intelligence and Quantum Science invites collaborative U.S.–Canadian research proposals focusing on discoveries and innovations in artificial intelligence and quantum science. Designing Materials to Revolutionize and Engineer our Future (DMREF) Designing Materials to Revolutionize and Engineer our Future (DMREF) supports materials design and development through the integration of experiments, computation and data-driven methods, while fostering interdisciplinary collaboration and training the next generation of the materials R&D workforce. Czech Republic Special Guidelines for Submitting Collaborative Proposals under the National Science Foundation and Czech Science Foundation Collaborative Research Opportunities Invites collaborations between the U.S. and Czech research communities in the areas of artificial intelligence, nanotechnology, plasma science and cybersecurity and privacy. Download the NSF-GACR expression of interest form. Proposals addressing these topics will be accepted to the following NSF programs: Artificial intelligence Directorate for Computer and Information Science and Engineering Core programs: CCF: Algorithmic Foundations CCF: Communications and Information Foundations CCF: Foundations of Emerging Technologies CCF: Software and Hardware Foundations Division of Computer and Network Sysems IIS: Human-Centered Computing IIS: Information Integration and Informatics IIS: Robust Intelligence OAC: OAC Core Research Foundational Research in Robotics Directorate for Engineering Core programs in the following divisions: Division of Chemical, Bioengineering, Environmental and Transport Systems Division of Civil, Mechanical and Manufacturing Innovation Division of Electrical, Communications and Cyber Systems Directorate for Social, Behavioral and Economic Sciences Core programs in all divisions (excluding Doctoral Dissertation Research Improvement Grants) Division of Behavioral and Cognitive Sciences Division of Social and Economic Sciences Division of SBE Office of Multidisciplinary Activities Nanotechnology NSF Directorate for Engineering All core programs in the following divisions Division of Chemical, Bioengineering, Environmental and Transport Systems Division of Civil, Mechanical and Manufacturing Innovation Division of Electrical, Communications and Cyber Systems Plasma science Directorate for Mathematical and Physical Sciences Plasma Physics core program Astronomy and Astrophysics Research Grants program Cybersecurity and privacy Directorate for Computer and Information Science and Engineering Secure and Trustworthy Cyberspace : small projects only OAC: OAC Core Research : small projects only European Union Research Collaboration Opportunity in Europe for NSF Recipients Encourages supplemental funding requests from current NSF recipients to support research visits to European Research Council-funded research groups. France NSF and the French Agence Nationale de la Recherche (ANR) support collaborative international research through bilateral activities and multilateral arrangements. NSF ANR Chemistry Lead Agency Opportunity on Sustainable Chemistry: Catalysis with Earth-Abundant Elements NSF 24-129 NSF-French National Research Agency (ANR) Quantum Information Science and Engineering Lead Agency Opportunity (QISE) NSF/CISE-ANR Lead Agency Opportunity in Computer and Information Science and Engineering (CISE): Core Programs Collaborative Research in Computational Neuroscience (CRCNS) NSF 24-510 Germany The U.S. National Science Foundation supports collaborative international research through bilateral activities and multilateral arrangements with the German Research Foundation (DFG) and the German Federal Ministry of Education and Research. The following opportunities offer support for collaborations between researchers in the U.S. and Germany: Cross-directorate solicitations Collaborative Research in Computational Neuroscience supports collaborative research projects and the sharing of data and other resources for the study of computational neuroscience. Designing Materials to Revolutionize and Engineer our Future supports materials design and development through the integration of experiments, computation and data-driven methods, while fostering interdisciplinary collaboration and training the next generation of the materials research and development workforce. Security, Privacy, and Trust in Cyberspace (SaTC 2.0) supports interdisciplinary research and education to develop a secure, resilient and trustworthy global cyber ecosystem by addressing vulnerabilities, improving trust in cyber systems and cultivating a well-trained cybersecurity workforce. NSF-DFG Lead Agency Opportunity in Chemistry and Chemical Process and Transport Systems supports U.S.-Germany research collaborations at the intersection of the participating NSF programs and DFG units. The participating NSF directorates, divisions and programs for NSF 25-537 are: NSF Directorate for Engineering NSF Division of Chemical, Bioengineering, Environmental and Transport Systems: Catalysis Combustion and Fire Systems Electrochemical Systems Fluid Dynamics Interfacial Engineering Particulate and Multiphase Processes Process Systems, Reaction Engineering and Molecular Thermodynamics Thermal Transport Processes NSF Directorate for Mathematical and Physical Sciences NSF Division of Chemistry Core Research Programs NSF Directorate for Biological Sciences NSF Division of Molecular and Cellular Biosciences The NSF-DFG Lead Agency Opportunity in Molecular and Cellular Biology invites U.S.-Germany collaborative proposals for biological research at molecular, subcellular or cellular scales. NSF Directorate for Engineering NSF Division of Civil, Mechanical and Manufacturing Innovation The Opportunity for Collaborations in Advanced Manufacturing invites U.S.-Germany collaborative proposals for advanced manufacturing research. NSF Directorate for Mathematical and Physical Sciences NSF Division of Physics The NSF and DFG Opportunity for Collaborations in Physics encourages collaborative U.S.-German research proposals in the areas of physics supported by the NSF Division of Physics. India Special Guidelines for Submitting Collaborative Proposals under U.S. National Science Foundation (NSF) and the Department of Biotechnology (DBT) of India Collaborative Research Opportunities Encourages collaborative U.S.-India research proposals to support knowledge, technologies and innovation that advance biotechnology and promote the bioeconomy. Ireland United States-Ireland-Northern Ireland R&D Partnership The United States, Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland have formed a partnership to increase the level of collaborative research and development among researchers across the three jurisdictions that will generate innovation and lead to improvements in society. Israel U.S.-Israel Binational Science Foundation (BSF) Collaboration/NSF-BSF The U.S. National Science Foundation and the U.S.-Israel Binational Science Foundation (BSF) have signed a memorandum of understanding on research cooperation to encourage collaboration between U.S. and Israeli research communities. Proposals will be accepted to the following directorates, divisions and programs. Contact emails are listed within the relevant solicitation or program description unless provided in the listings below: Crosscutting programs Crosscutting programs involve the participation of multiple NSF directorates and may involve additional agencies within the U.S. government or other science and engineering funding agencies worldwide. Collaborative Research in Computational Neuroscience CRCNS involves the NSF directorates of Biological Sciences (NSF BIO), Computer and Information Science and Engineering (NSF CISE), Engineering (NSF ENG), Mathematical and Physical Sciences (NSF MPS), Social, Behavioral and Economic Sciences (NSF SBE) and Office of International Science and Engineering (NSF OISE). Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS) For proposals up to a total of $600,000 only for a duration of up to four years. CPS involves NSF CISE and NSF ENG. Designing Materials to Revolutionize and Engineer our Future Ecology and Evolution of Infectious Diseases (EEID) EEID involves NSF BIO, NSF Geosciences (NSF GEO) and NSF SBE. Foundational Research in Robotics Contact email: Robotics@nsf.gov . Mathematical Foundations of Artificial Intelligence (MFAI) MFAI involves the NSF directorates of CISE, ENG, MPS and SBE. Molecular Foundations for Biotechnology Note: Before submitting an application, U.S. principal investigators should check with the program directors listed in the solicitation because not all divisions that participate in MFB also participate in the NSF-BSF binational program. Contact email: mfb@nsf.gov . Secure and Trustworthy Cyberspace For proposals up to a total of $600,000 only for a duration of up to four years. SaTC involves the NSF directorates of CISE, ENG, MPS and SBE. Contact email: satc@nsf.gov . Smart Health and Biomedical Research in the Era of Artificial Intelligence and Advanced Data Science SCH involves the NSF directorates of CISE, ENG, MPS and SBE. Contact email: SCH_correspondence@nsf.gov . Computational and Data-enabled Science an