University of Amsterdam Merit Scholarship 2026 (Step by Step) Skip to content If you are planning to study in the Netherlands with financial support, the University of Amsterdam Merit Scholarship is one of the best opportunities available for international students. This scholarship provides fully funded programs at Dutch universities across a wide range of fields. In this article, we have explained everything you need to know about the Simmons University Kotzen Scholarship, including its benefits, eligibility criteria, required documents, and a detailed step-by-step application process to help you apply successfully. The University of Amsterdam Merit Scholarship 2026-2027 is open to international students for master’s studies. Depending on the faculty, University of Amsterdam scholarships can vary between €2,000 and €25,000. The UvA scores highly in various world university rankings. It is ranked among the top 10 universities in Europe (US News) and the top 65 worldwide (QS and THE rankings). Students benefit from excellent academic career paths, with multiple options to pursue a study within or across disciplines, from the bachelor’s up to the PhD level and beyond. Teaching and research are closely linked in all bachelor’s and master’s programs at the UvA. The UvA is a member of the League of European Research Universities (LERU) and of Universitas 21, a leading global network of research-intensive universities. It is also an active partner in many EU-wide initiatives with other universities and research institutions. Amsterdam was ranked 12th out of over 200 cities worldwide in Mercer’s 2018 ‘Quality of Living Survey.’ In the pan-European ‘International Student Barometer,’ 96% of students polled felt safe and secure, and 97% said Amsterdam was ‘the place to be.’ The UvA currently enrolls over 7,000 international degree and exchange students from over 100 countries. They are actively supported by UvA staff and fellow students during their time in Amsterdam. The UvA helps with practical matters such as opening a bank account, applying for visas, and finding accommodation. Scholarship Summary Level of Study: Masters Institution(s): University of Amsterdam Study Destination: Netherlands Program Period: Depends upon the selected course. Courses Offered Below is a list of eligible master’s degree programs offered by the faculties: Child Development and Education Communication Science Economics and Business Humanities Law Medicine Psychology Science Social Sciences The University of Amsterdam Merit Scholarship Application Deadline The application deadlines are generally from January to May (annually). Please check the course-specific deadlines before applying. Scholarship Coverage The Amsterdam Merit Scholarship provides the recipient with the following benefits: Depending on the faculty, the scholarship can vary between €2,000 and €25,000. The University of Amsterdam, as a participating member, occasionally supplements the Amsterdam Merit Scholarship with the Holland Government Scholarship. Eligibility Criteria for the University of Amsterdam Merit Scholarship To qualify for the Amsterdam Merit Scholarship, candidates must fulfill all of the following requirements: Required Languages: English Eligible Countries: All international students who are not from the EU are eligible. Students who have applied for a degree program at the University of Amsterdam may apply for an Amsterdam Merit Scholarship. Please read the specific eligibility criteria of each faculty (links to faculty pages found above). How to apply for the Amsterdam Merit Scholarship? Please follow the instructions below to apply for this scholarship: (1) Applications should be submitted to the Admissions Offices of the Graduate Schools. (2) Deadlines for the AMS differ per faculty or graduate school. (3) You can find the specific eligibility requirements, selection criteria, and application instructions on the faculty or graduate school websites. Child Development and Education Communication Science Economics and Business Humanities Law Medicine Psychology Science Social Sciences Websites To learn more about the Amsterdam Merit Scholarship, please visit the official websites: Official Website Follow Us Facebook Instagram WhatsApp LinkedIn YouTube X ABOUT ScholarshipRoar.com is an updated listing of international scholarships and internships for students who seek national and global development through higher education. FOLLOW US AND SUBSCRIBE Facebook YouTube Instagram LinkedIn X WhatsApp Leave this field empty if you're human: POPULAR CATEGORIES Undergraduate Scholarships Masters Scholarships PhD Scholarships Postdoctoral Fellowships Internships Application Documents Scholarship Help Desk Go to mobile version