The DigiBC Creative Technology Gateway Scholarship - Canadian Applicants | Vancouver Film School DigiBC & Netflix partner to offer VFS animation scholarships to Canadian students! DigiBC, a leading advocate for BC’s creative technology industries, and Netflix, one of the world’s leading entertainment services, have established The DigiBC Creative Technology Gateway Scholarship . This initiative will empower the next generation of animators through hands-on industry training in Vancouver Film School’s globally recognized 3D Animation & Visual Effects , Classical Animation , and Animation Concept Art programs. FINAL CALL TO APPLY IS JULY 10! Submit your completed application to start your animation training August 31 at VFS. Announcing our first winner: Oleksandra Dreval! Oleksandra will enrol in VFS’s 3D Animation & Visual Effects program, where she’ll work on crafting her studio-ready portfolio in VFS’s production centre, with 1-to-1 mentorship from a VFX Producer at Eyeline Studios. YES! I Want to Apply Scholarship Details DigiBC and Netflix are proud to support emerging Canadian talent with a powerful new scholarship opportunity at Vancouver Film School. This is your chance to train at VFS – ranked the #1 Global Animation School by Animation Career Review. WHAT'S AVAILABLE: Three full-tuition scholarships (one awarded per start date) Available start dates: August 31, 2026. Available programs: 3D Animation & Visual Effects, Classical Animation , OR Animation Concept Art Winners announced: August 1 (August 31 start) Application deadlines: July 10 (August 31 start) Apply Now *Available exclusively to Canadian applicants. Must be a high school graduate OR 19+ at the start of your VFS program. *The DigiBC Creative Technology Gateway Scholarship must be applied towards program tuition at VFS and has no redeemable cash value. *Scholarships are valid only for the March 2 , June 29, 2026 or August 31, 2026 start dates, and are subject to seat availability. About Vancouver Film School VFS is recognized as a Leading Film School in North America by MovieMaker and Variety, and the #1 Global Animation School by Animation Career Review. Our alumni work on the industry’s top projects, most recently Superman, Lilo and Stitch, Wicked: For Good, and Netflix’s KPop Demon Hunters , and for top studios like Netflix, Sony Pictures Image Works, Hulu, Apple, A24, and 20 th Century Fox. At the 2025 Oscars, 107 alumni were credited on nominated/winning films, while 250 alumni were credited at the Golden Globes. 449 alumni were credited on nominated/winning series at the 2025 Emmys – with 2 alumni personally nominated for their work on The Last of Us . About DigiBC DigiBC is the Creative Technology Industry Association of British Columbia. DigiBC’s mission is to make British Columbia the world’s leading center for creative technology, ensuring that creative tech is a cornerstone in the broader technology & media ecosystem, and that the sector grows and thrives for current and future generations. “ Vancouver Film School is proud to offer The DigiBC Creative Technology Gateway Scholarship , in partnership with DigiBC and Netflix – an initiative that will cultivate Canada’s next generation of creative talent. This partnership will strengthen the connection between VFS’s globally recognized education and the creative industry, while ensuring that aspiring filmmakers and animators have access to world-class training opportunities. ” -Jonathan Bell – Managing Director, Vancouver Film School​. " With the generous support of Netflix, DigiBC is proud to launch The DigiBC Creative Technology Gateway Scholarship , providing opportunities for learners to develop and hone their creative skills at Vancouver Film School’s internationally recognized animation and visual effects programs. Through this scholarship, Netflix is investing directly in the next generation of talent and providing an exciting opportunity not only for three deserving recipients, but more broadly for our creative technology sector and the future of digital storytelling in B.C. " - Loc Dao – Executive Director, DigiBC Application Process The application process is simple, and is broken into two very important parts: Part 1 – Official Scholarship Application Part 2 – Official Application to Enrol at Vancouver Film School * Note to all applicants – this section can take up to 30 minutes to complete. *If English is not your native language, you will be required to submit ESL scores – that meet VFS’s minimum Language Requirements – with your application. No official application will be considered or reviewed unless both parts are successfully completed by the applicant. PART 1 – OFFICIAL SCHOLARSHIP APPLICATION CREATIVE SUBMISSION LINK You will be required to submit a creative portfolio sample. Please be sure the link you submit is working; we must be able to access your portfolio to consider your application. 3D Animation & Visual Effects: Samples may include life (preferred), still, or character drawings, and 3D computer work (maximum 12 pieces total). *Note: You will be expected to have some prior experience with 3D and/or VFX. Animation Concept Art: Samples may include still-life drawings, life drawings, character or environment sketches, and computer artwork (e.g., Flash, Photoshop, Illustrator, etc.). Maximum 12 pieces. Classical Animation: Samples may include still-life drawings, life drawings, and character sketches (maximum 12 pieces). PART 2 – OFFICIAL APPLICATION TO ENROL AT VANCOUVER FILM SCHOOL After submitting your application below (Part 1) you must also complete the VFS Enrolment Application Form (Part 2) to be fully eligible for this scholarship. Upon successful submission of the VFS Enrolment Application form, a VFS Admissions Advisor will contact you to connect personally, and provide you with an introduction of the school, and life in Vancouver. FAQ 1. Who is eligible to apply for The DigiBC Creative Technology Gateway Scholarship? The scholarship is open to Canadian applicants who meet the admissions requirements for the eligible programs at Vancouver Film School. Applications will be adjudicated by a panel of VFS representatives, and scholarships will be awarded based on the merit of the applicant’s portfolio and their passion for a career in the entertainment industry. 2. Are there any age restrictions? Applicants must be high school graduates or 19+ at the start of their VFS program. 3. What does the scholarship cover? The scholarship covers VFS tuition costs only, allowing for personal funds to be allocated towards other expenses, including housing, materials, and other miscellaneous living expenses. 4. How do I apply for the scholarship? Applications are currently open, with one scholarship being awarded per each of the three eligible start dates: March 2 (CLOSED), June 29 (CLOSED), and August 31, 2026. Deadlines: January 16, 2026 (CLOSED) May 4, 2026 (CLOSED) July 10 for August 31 intake Successful applicants will be announced on: February 2 (March 2 start) (CLOSED) June 1 (June 29 start) (CLOSED) August 1 (August 31 start) 5. Where can I learn more/who can I contact for info on VFS programs & admissions? Visit our 3D Animation & Visual Effects , Classical Animation and Animation Concept Art program pages to learn more. If you have additional questions, contact the VFS Admissions team at [email protected] . 6. If English is not my native language, can I still apply? Yes, you can still apply if English is not your first language. Applicants who do not yet meet VFS’s English Language Requirements may receive conditional acceptance. Once you meet the required English proficiency, you will be given full acceptance and be able to begin your program.You will be required to upload your ESL test results if English is not your first language. Share This Page