Financial Aid for Undergraduate International Students | Babson College Undergraduate Tuition & Financial Aid International Students Undergraduate Tuition & Financial Aid International Students Undergraduate Tuition & Financial Aid International Students Reveal the Tuition and Aid Subnav Access the More in this section Financial Aid for International Students The financial aid process for international students at Babson looks different than that for domestic candidates. International students are considered for merit-based scholarships as part of the admission process. For need-based financial aid, we offer the Global Scholars program and the Canadian Scholarship. If you have any questions about the process, you can reach out to Student Financial Services (SFS) at sfs@babson.edu or 781-239-4219 . Scholarships There are two types of scholarships available: need-based and merit-based. The need-based Global Scholars program and the Canadian Scholarship are granted on your family’s income, while merit-based are given out based on your academic and personal accomplishments. You can apply for both need- and merit-based scholarships. Need-Based Scholarships If you wish to be considered for the Global Scholars program or Canadian Scholarship funds, you need to submit a College Scholarship Service (CSS) PROFILE . You will do that on the College Board website . International students do not need to fill out the FAFSA form. Admission decisions for international financial aid applicants will be made on a need-aware basis; the most highly qualified candidates from different regions around the world will be offered admission and the Global Scholarship. Global Scholarship Students selected for the Global Scholars Program will receive four-year, full-tuition scholarships (Canadian applicants should see below). Global Scholars with greater levels of financial need also will be awarded additional grant funds, in varying amounts based on need, to help with room and board, books and supplies, health insurance, and travel expenses. Students interested in the Global Scholars Program must apply for admission through either Early Decision or Regular Decision. To be considered for the Global Scholars Program, students must apply for financial aid by completing the CSS PROFILE form by November 15 for Early Decision applicants and by February 1 for Regular Decision applicants. Canadian Scholarship Canadian citizens who apply for financial aid using the CSS PROFILE will be considered for the need-based Canadian Scholarship. The amount value varies based on need. Being a Global Scholar is a huge step toward putting my business goals and career ambitions into action. It is validation that all the hard work and the sacrifice was worth it.” Youssef Kamel ’25 from Giza Governorate, Egypt Merit-Based Scholarships As an international student, you are considered for several merit scholarships when applying for admission. The Women’s Leadership Scholarship is a four-year, quarter-tuition merit scholarship offered to undergraduate students who are selected based on their academic achievement and demonstrated leadership in school and community activities. Candidates for the scholarship are evaluated using the information in their admission applications, and finalists are invited to campus to interview for the award. For more information visit Frank & Eileen™ Center for Women’s Entrepreneurial Leadership . The Presidential Scholarship offers four-year, half-tuition scholarships, renewable each year with a minimum 3.0 cumulative GPA. Candidates for the Presidential Scholarship are evalu​ated based on the information in their admission applications. Presidential Scholars have ample opportunities throughout their time at Babson to build out their leadership and mentoring skills, as well as with career planning and networking. The Weissman Scholarship provides four-year, full-tuition scholarships plus financial support for scholars. These students are seen as leaders on campus. There is a separate application process for this scholarship, which you can find on this page . In addition, you may qualify for the Dean’s Scholarship and the Honors Program Scholarship beginning in your second year at Babson. I wanted to be a part of that strong group of women, that was a huge part of it. And, once I came to the campus, interviewed, and stayed overnight, I realized that I really loved Babson.” Swathi Nachiappan ’20 Women’s Leadership Scholarship recipient Loans for International Students You also can apply for loans to help with your education costs. International students who have a U.S. co-borrower can apply for loans through a list of recommended loans and lenders. We offer a full list of borrowers to pursue, which you can find under the “International” selection . Student Employment for International Students You will have opportunities to work on Babson’s campus, though they are subject to certain restrictions according to the terms of your visas. International students are not eligible for Federal Work Study. Visit International Student and Scholar Services for more information. Contact SFS Net Price Calculator Explore More Apply to Babson Apply for Financial Aid Tuition & Expenses Get Connected @babsonadmission babsonadmission @babson_college @babson @babsoncollege Get in Touch Fill out the Request Information form below to connect with us. This will ensure that you learn about the academic experience, hear stories from our current students, and receive important announcements during the admission process … just to name a few. Loading... READY TO TALK NOW? Contact Us Domestic: 781-235-1200 International: 800-488-3696