Grants and Programs | U.S. Department of Education Skip to main content Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Grants and Programs Find funds that can change the lives of students and help support educators, schools, and districts. Money for College Students From Pell grants to federal work study programs, learn how to find money to pay for a student’s higher education. Find money for college Grants for Birth to Grade 12 Find discretionary grant and program funds for State and Local Education Agencies (LEAs). View grants Grants for Higher Education Institutions View discretionary grants available for institutions of higher education (IHE), including colleges, universities, and adult education programs. Find a grant for your IHE Grants for Special Populations Find discretionary grants for students from diverse backgrounds, for those with various special needs, and for other special populations. View grants Recognition Programs Programs recognizing the excellence of students, schools, and school employees. View recognition programs Response Programs Discretionary grants that provide funds to assist in emergency situations. View grants Teacher Preparation Grants Discretionary grants that support high-quality teacher preparation and professional development for prospective and new teachers. Grants for Teacher Prep Disability Employment and Vocational Rehabilitation Grants Discretionary and formula grants to advance competitive integrated employment and support individuals with disabilities. Find a program Formula Grants Formula grants are awarded based on a set formula rather than through a competitive process. Learn more about formula grants administered by ED. View formula grants Funding Forecast Which grants will be available next? Find all programs and competitions for which the Department of Education expects to invite applications for new awards. Find funding Grant Resources More Grant Information Discover what you need to know to be a successful grant applicant for the Department of Education. Apply now Manage Your Grant Find resources and training materials that will help you manage your grant. Manage your grant Your educational expertise matters ED Ribbon Link Apply to be a peer reviewer Office of Communications and Outreach (OCO) Page Last Reviewed: September 8, 2025