Scholarships and grants Skip to content For international students Scholarships and grants Directly to Scholarships Student grants Other funding opportunities Menu Scholarships and grants TU/e Scholarship for Excellence: Shaping the Future of Microchip Innovation Scholarships Undergraduate students (Bachelor) TU/e does not offer scholarships for bachelor’s students. Postgraduate students (Master) TU/e offers an exclusive Scholarship for Excellence for highly talented international students who want to help shape the future of microchip technology. This scholarship is available for applicants to selected Master’s programs in the Departments of Applied Physics , Electrical Engineering , Mechanical Engineering , and Mathematics & Computer Science . Apply before February 1 st , 2026, 23:59 CET and meet the scholarship requirements if you would like to start in September 2026. Learn more about the Scholarship for Excellence, the selected Master’s programs and find out here if you are eligble. Other scholarships options There are also scholarships offered through partner organizations and external funding bodies. Many of these scholarships are designed for students with specific nationalities, study programs or eligibility criteria. ASML Technology Scholarship Available to master's students worldwide CONACYT Available to Mexican master's students COLFUTURO Available to Colombian master's students IAEA Marie Skłodowska-Curie Fellowship Programme Available to female master’s students worldwide in nuclear-related fields. EIT InnoEnergy Available for EU students in the SENSE track (within the MSc Electrical Engineering) and SELECT track (within the MSc Sustainable Energy Technology Previous Next Previous Next Please note - When applying for any scholarship, make sure you provide the scholarship provider with the full and correct TU/e tuition fee. - If your scholarship does not cover the entire tuition fee, you are personally responsible for paying the remaining amount before you can be enrolled at TU/e. Student grants or student travel product As an international student, you may be eligible for financial support from the Dutch government. This can include a grant, a loan, and/or a student travel product. Your eligibility depends on factors such as your nationality, your residence status and length of your stay. Check the website of DUO if you qualify for student finance and/or a student travel product. Find other scholarships and funding opportunities You can explore other scholarships and funding opportunities offered by external organizations. Useful resources include: Study in NL Website – a database with scholarships offered by various organizations. European Commission Scholarship Portal – a platform of European funding and scholarships opportunities. Find Scholarships to Fund Your Study Abroad | Mastersportal Several other international organizations may offer financial support for studying abroad. UNESCO , UNDP , Unido , the World Bank , OECD , the Asian Development Bank and the the European Union . They may have a local office in your country, or you can reach out to their main office.