15 Best Scholarships in the Netherlands for International Students Skip to content 15 Best Scholarships in the Netherlands for International Students Hyun Lee | December 18th, 2025 | 6 comments on 15 Best Scholarships in the Netherlands for International Students | Search Courses: Any Degree Undergraduate Masters MBA Any Subject Business Computer Science Data Science Design Finance Marketing Any Country Europe Germany France Spain Search Built with a strong economy and multicultural population, the Netherlands is an excellent option for studying undergraduate programs , master’s , and doctoral degrees . The Netherlands is located in Western Europe, and it’s bordered by Germany and Belgium. For years, this country has significantly contributed to different fields such as the economy, science, and other industries. As of today, the Netherlands has colleges and universities with excellent reputations globally. They offer different programs to cater to the educational needs of every learner. If you’re an aspiring international student in the Netherlands, this country provides numerous resources to support your studies. In this article, we will be looking at the best scholarships in the Netherlands for international students. We have also included stories of scholarship recipients for whom we have stories! I believe that this will be helpful for those who are seeking those scholarships, so make sure to check them out! Find Courses in Europe Top Scholarships in the Netherlands Scholarship Name Scholarship Type Eligible Degrees Scholarship Value NL Scholarship Government Scholarship Bachelor’s Master’s one-time financial contribution of €5,000 University of Twente Scholarship University of Twente Master’s €3,000 to €22,000 / whole academic year PhD Funding (Employee Contracts) Research Universities PhD Full Funding Amsterdam Merit Scholarship University of Amsterdam Bachelor’s, Master’s Up to full tuition NL High Potential Scholarship Maastricht University Master’s €30,000 (tuition fee waiver and a monthly stipend) Africa Scholarship Programme Wageningen University & Research Master’s full tuition waiver and living allowance (24 months) visa costs + travel other academic costs Radboud Scholarship Radboud University Master’s Partial Tuition Erasmus Mundus Joint Master’s Scholarships Government Master’s Full Tuition, Living Stipend Utrecht Excellence Scholarships Utrecht University Bachelor’s, Master’s full tuition and cash award VU Fellowship Programme Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam Master’s full tuition Justus & Louise van Effen Excellence Scholarships Delft University of Technology Master’s full tuition waiver and living stipend Eric Bleumink Fund Scholarship University of Groningen Master’s Tuition fee costs of international travel health insurance Marie Skłodowska-Curie Doctoral Fellowship External Scholarship Doctoral Full tuition, monthly living allowance, mobility allowance, and family allowance Joint Japan/World Bank Graduate Scholarship (Netherlands) Japan/World Bank Master’s Full tuition, monthly living stipend, round-trip airfare, basic health insurance, and a travel allowance 1. NL Scholarship (NL Government Scholarship) Scholarship Page Scholarship Value: €5,000 Eligible Degree/s: Bachelor’s, Master’s, Ph.D. Meet the NL Scholars : Explore scholarship journeys including João Pedro Rocha Oliveira from Brazil and Kathryn from the United States The NL Scholarship (formerly known as the Holland Government Scholarship) is funded by the Dutch Ministry of Education, Culture, and Science, and awarded to students from non-European countries. This scholarship is given to incoming international students as it encourages them to study in the Netherlands and is a one-time scholarship. To start your scholarship application, check if your chosen Dutch university is on the list of participating universities . Then obtain the admission requirements of your university and program. Usually, these include your previous educational attainments, language requirements, and many more. Apply for 2026 Intake! Applications for 2026 Intake are open. Search degrees around the world! Apply now Here is what the NL Scholarship Scholars Say: “As part of the aforementioned LL.M., I was proud to be awarded the merit-based NL Scholarship (formerly the ‘Holland Scholarship’) in the amount of €10,000 to support this chapter of my academic and professional journey.” João Pedro Rocha Oliveira “The application process was fairly straightforward, as both were integrated into my application for admission—no separate forms, just an earlier deadline (end of January).” Kathryn “Receiving both the ALSP and the Holland Scholarship significantly reduced my financial burden and allowed me to fully focus on my academic and professional development during my time at TU/e.” Aaradhya 2. University of Twente Scholarship (University of Twente) Scholarship Page Scholarship Value: €3,000 to €22,000 for a whole academic year Eligible Degree/s: Master’s The University of Twente Scholarship is given to approximately 50 students (European and non-European students) who have an outstanding academic reputation. This scholarship aims to acknowledge and provide financial assistance to graduate students who excel in their respective programs. There is a separate application procedure for this scholarship program. To be eligible, you must meet all requirements and should be admitted to a graduate program in the university. All applications are done online, you’ll receive a confirmation once you submit the requirements and complete the application form. Then, the committee will assess your application, and you’ll be notified when the results are out. 3. PhD Funding (Employment Contracts) Scholarship Value: Full Funding – Full Tuition and Living Stipend Eligible Degree/s: PhD Ph.D. students in the Netherlands, and in Europe in general, are considered as an employee, working on projects. You can see this from Moses Ebere , a Ph.D. student in Cognitive Robotics at TU Delft , who states, “My Ph.D. is fully funded (this is common in the Netherlands as PhD are seen as employees on project contracts).” Check Currently Open Courses! Check these courses that are currently open for international students! Apply now How it works is that professors get a variety of projects, and after they successfully get the projects, they find Ph.D. students to work on those projects. So, if you apply for Ph.D. in the Netherlands, you will be applying to different projects. It’s quite different from the US and Canada Ph.D. admissions process. 4. Amsterdam Merit Scholarship (University of Amsterdam) Scholarship Page Scholarship Value: Up to Full Tuition Eligible Degree/s: Bachelor’s, Master’s Meet the Amsterdam Merit Scholars : Explore scholarship journeys including Melina Coelho Garcia from Brazil and Belén Estrella Fiallo from Ecuador The University of Amsterdam is a public university in Amsterdam , and it has an outstanding reputation in the country and Europe. This public university offers a merit scholarship for excellent undergraduate international students. These are offered to students taking economics, business, and communication science programs. Every department has different requirements, selection, and application processes. But usually, they will require you to have excellent academic scores in your chosen program. You can submit your application through the admission portal. Alongside your application, you will also be required to submit documents like GPA, results of the English proficiency test, motivation, and recommendation letters. Here is what Amsterdam Merit Scholarship Scholars Say: “Master’s degree: I won the Amsterdam Merit Scholarship (AMS) offered by UvA to non-EU/EEA students, which covered the tuition fee of €8k for the year I studied in Amsterdam.” Belén Estrella Fiallo “As an international student from outside the European Union, the international student fee would apply to me. However, I was granted the Amsterdam Merit Scholarship by the University of Amsterdam, representing an amount of EUR 14.500” Melina Coelho Garcia 5. NL High Potential Scholarship (Maastricht University) Scholarship Page Scholarship Value: €30,000 (tuition fee waiver and a monthly stipend each academic year) Eligible Degree/s: Master’s The Maastricht University ‘s NL High Potential Scholarship , one of the best scholarships in the Netherlands for international students, is a combination of the university’s high potential scholarship funded by the Maastricht University and the NL scholarship financed by the Dutch Ministry of Education, Culture, and Science. This scholarship program offers 24 full scholarships of €30,000 covering tuition fee waiver and a monthly stipend each academic year to non-EU students admitted to the master’s program at the university. To qualify for this scholarship, you should meet the specific admission requirements of your chosen program and have excellent academic grades. Start your application by registering in one of the university’s master’s programs online. You’ll be asked to fill out an application form and submit the required documents. The International Services Desk will decide the selection of the recipients, and you’ll be notified whether your application is accepted, denied, or shortlisted. If accepted, you’ll be required to attend the university’s three-week Pre-Academic Training. 6. Africa Scholarship Programme (Wageningen University & Research) Scholarship Page Scholarship Value: full tuition waiver and living allowance (24 months), visa costs, travel, and other academic costs Eligible Degree/s: Master’s Africa Scholarship Programme at Wageningen University & Research is a financial assistance for excellent students from Sub-Saharan Africa who are interested in pursuing a master’s degree at the university. The program aims to contribute to the long-term development of Sub-Saharan Africa by supporting its most talented students, who will return home after graduation and help strengthen their home countries’ economies and societies. It offers full tuition fees and living expenses for 24 months, visa costs, travel costs, and other academic expenses. The scholarship is sponsored by the Ministry of Education Culture and Science (OCW) and Wageningen University & Research. Study Abroad in Europe! Check these institutions in Europe that are currently accepting applications! Apply now 7. Radboud Scholarship (Radboud University) Scholarship Page Scholarship Value: Partial tuition fee Eligible Degree/s: Master’s Meet the Radboud Scholars : Explore scholarship journeys including Alisha from India and Kathryn from the USA The Radboud Scholarship Programme is a selective award for outstanding non-EEA students admitted to English-taught Master’s programs at Radboud University. It primarily offers a partial tuition reduction to the EU rate and helps with essential costs such as visa, residence permit, and insurance. Selection emphasizes academic excellence, motivation, and fit with the chosen program. Here is what Radboud Scholars Say: “The Radboud Scholarship, which allowed me to pay the same tuition rate as EU residents (about €2,500/year); The NL Scholarship, a one-time award of €5,000.” Kathryn “My master’s studies at Radboud University … I received both the Radboud Scholarship and the RadboudUMC Study Fund, which supported two years of study (2015–2017) by covering my tuition fees and living expenses.” Hilal “The scholarships I received were the – Radboud Scholarship Programme (~€11,000 per year); Alisha 8. Erasmus Mundus Joint Master’s Scholarships Scholarship Page Scholarship Value: Full Tuition, Living Expenses Eligible Degree/s: Master’s Meet the Erasmus Mundus Scholars : Explore scholarship journeys including Sawera from Pakistan and Anagha from India The Erasmus Mundus Joint Master’s Program is a prestigious European Union-funded scholarship initiative that supports exceptional international students to pursue integrated Mas