Colombia Government Scholarships 2026 (Fully Funded) Skip to content If you are planning to study in Colombia with financial support, the Colombian government scholarships are one of the best opportunities available for international students. This scholarship provides fully funded programs at Colombian universities across a wide range of fields. In this article, we will explain everything you need to know about the Colombian Government Scholarships, including their benefits, eligibility criteria, required documents, and a detailed step-by-step application process to help you apply successfully. The Colombia Government Scholarship 2026-2027 is offered for specialization degrees, master’s , and PhDs . These scholarships will cover all expenses for the scholarship, books, monthly grant, and tuition fee. This scholarship call is for foreign citizens of all nationalities to study for master’s, doctoral, or specialization degrees. You will study in Colombian educational institutions. 50 International Scholarships will be provided. Scholarship Summary Level of Study: Master’s , PhD , Specialization Degree Institution(s): Colombian Educational Institutes Study Destination: Colombia Opportunity Focus Areas: Any full-time master’s, doctoral, or specialization degree. Program Period: The duration of the Columbia scholarships will consist of twelve (12) months for specialization, twenty-four (24) months to master’s, and up to thirty-six (36) months for a doctoral degree. Deadline: June 2026 (TBC) Scholarship Coverage Colombia government scholarships provide the recipient with the following benefits: Monthly Allowance: Grant of the sum equivalent to 3 minimum monthly legal salaries. $2.484.348 pesos colombianos. Tuition: 100% coverage of all these costs granted by the Colombian universities (only for academic programs found in the catalog of this call). Stipend for books and materials: Grant of 401,321 COP for once, at the beginning of the academic program Health Insurance: Wide coverage in medical assistance only in Colombia during the period of studies. Books & Materials: ($425,400) for books and materials. Installation Costs: Grant of ($425,400) for once at the beginning of studies. Eligibility Criteria for Colombia Government Scholarships To qualify for Colombian government scholarships, candidates must fulfill all of the following requirements: Eligible Countries: All countries in the world Be a foreign citizen . Do not have Colombian nationality. Foreign professionals who do not have dual nationality (Colombian) and who are not residing in Colombia. Not be over 50 years old. Have a professional or bachelor’s degree. Have an average of 4.0 out of 5.0 or its equivalent in the Colombian scale to apply the call Have admission to at least a graduate program that is in the Catalog of Academic Offer General Call 202 6 The documents must be sent in physical form to the ICETEX offices in Bogotá. Address: Carrera 3 No. 18-32. The candidate can submit up to 3 letters of admission. No original documents are required. It is necessary for foreign candidates to carefully read the call and send to ICETEX only the required documents. Authenticated or notarized copies are accepted. How to Apply for Colombian Government Scholarships? Please visit the official website link given at the end. However, here are important instructions to avail Colombia government scholarships: Eligible candidates may apply for the fully funded scholarships from the Government of Colombia online. The candidates must fill out the application form and submit the completed form. Also, applicants must print a copy of the summary of the online form to include in the physical application. After filling out the online application, the applicant must also submit a physical application to the Colombian government. The application includes the following documents: Likewise, an academic letter of Recommendation Letter of Admission from the Colombian University CV Further, the score regarding Spanish Language Proficiency Academic essay arguing the importance of your studies in Colombia Moreover, Notarized copies of Academic Transcripts Similarly, A copy of a passport Certificate of professional experience Health Certificate Also, a summary of the online application for this call The documents should be addressed to the ICETEX OFFICE in Bogotá. Address: Carrera 3 No. 18-32. Website To know more about Colombian government scholarships, please visit the official websites: Colombian Government Scholarship Website Follow Us Facebook Instagram WhatsApp LinkedIn YouTube X ABOUT ScholarshipRoar.com is an updated listing of international scholarships and internships for students who seek national and global development through higher education. FOLLOW US AND SUBSCRIBE Facebook YouTube Instagram LinkedIn X WhatsApp Leave this field empty if you're human: POPULAR CATEGORIES Undergraduate Scholarships Masters Scholarships PhD Scholarships Postdoctoral Fellowships Internships Application Documents Scholarship Help Desk Go to mobile version