UM scholarships for talented students Skip to main content Scholarships for international students Maastricht University (UM) offers scholarships to students from all over the world to give them the opportunity to develop into active, globally oriented thinkers who are ready to make a positive contribution to their communities. UM’s high-quality, innovative education based on small-scale Problem-Based Learning (PBL) in an international and intercultural setting prepares students for this purpose. As an open and accessible academic community, UM offers several scholarships to support top-performing undergraduate and graduate students with personal development potential who are experiencing financial difficulties in pursuing a degree at UM. UM scholarship students serve as important ambassadors of the university during and after their studies. Assessment criteria When you apply for a UM scholarship, you will be assessed based on: academic excellence extracurricular engagement active citizenship financial need As the number of scholarships is limited, the selection process is highly competitive. Contact the Scholarship Office If you have any questions, please reach out to the UM Scholarship Office at: scholarships@maastrichtuniversity.nl Before you apply Before applying for a UM scholarship, please take into account the following to avoid being disqualified from the application process: You have to apply for a UM study programme before applying for a scholarship. You are only allowed to apply for one UM scholarship ; multiple applications will be disqualified. Check if your nationality is eligible for the scholarship. Check if your UM faculty/study programme is eligible for the scholarship. If the scholarship covers only tuition fees, make sure you can finance your living expenses (rent, food and insurances) for the complete duration of your studies. If you have any questions regarding scholarships, please contact our Scholarship Office at scholarships@maastrichtuniversity.nl Find a scholarship You can find out which scholarships you qualify for by searching through the tables below or by using our scholarship guide . With the scholarship guide, you answer a number of questions ‘yes’ or ‘no’ and then are shown a list of the scholarships you are eligible to apply for. Please keep in mind that you can only apply for one scholarship. Use our guide to find a scholarship! Overview of UM scholarships Scholarship Bachelor / Master Faculty/Study programme* Nationality** Application deadline for academic year 2027/28 Maastricht University NL-High Potential Scholarship Master Participating master’s programmes Non-EU/EEA Open in October 2026 8 December 2026. Studielink application for the programme UM Brightlands Talent Scholarship Master Participating master’s programmes Non-EU/EEA Open in October 2026 UM Global Studies Scholarship Bachelor Global Studies Non-EU/EEA Open in October 2026 UM Social Justice Scholarship Master Globalisation and Law Non-EU/EEA Open in October 2026 8 December 2026. Studielink application for the programme External scholarships In addition to UM scholarships, students can apply for scholarships from other organisations to the expenses related to their studies at UM. An overview of these scholarships is listed below. Scholarship Bachelor / Master Faculty/Study programme* Nationality** Application deadline for academic year 2026/2027 Master Public Policy (MPP) Scholarships Master UNU_MERIT and SBE Non-EU/EEA Closed Candriam Scholarship Master SBE EU/EEA, Switzerland or Surinam 1 May 2026 23:59 CET Changemaker Scholarship Master Participating Master programmes EU/EEA 1 May 2026 23:59 CET China Scholarship Council (CSC) Master Public Policy and Human Development People’s Republic of China TBA LKPU Management Consulting Scholarship Master SBE German 1 May 2026 23:59 CET Rachel and Alan Wyatt STS Scholarship Master FASoS EU/EEA 1 May 2026 23:59 CET Prof. Jo Ritzen Scholarship Bachelor LAW Belgium, Luxumbourgian, French 1 May 2026 23:59 CET UM First Generation Students (FGS) Scholarship Bachelor Participating bachelor's programmes Dutch 1 May 2026 23:59 CET Stichting De Ridder Scholarship Bachelor All NL, see below 1** 1 May 2026 23:59 CET Stichting Mia Keulaerds Scholarship Bachelor All NL, see below 2** 1 May 2026 23:59 CET Fulbright / Maastricht University Award Master All See below 3** 7 October 2025, 22:59 CET UCM/MSP waiver Bachelor Liberal Arts & Sciences programme EU/EEA Apply when you register for the programme at UCM or MSP Faculty/Study programme* All all faculties FASoS Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences FHML Faculty of Health, Medicine and Life Sciences LAW Faculty of Law FPN Faculty of Psychology and Neuroscience SBE School of Business and Economics Maastricht Sustainability Institute (MSI) Maastricht Graduate School of Governance (MGSoG, part of UNU-MERIT) FSE Faculty of Science and Engineering: Department of Advanced Computing Sciences (DACS) Sciences (SCI) University College Maastricht (UCM) University College Venlo (UCV) Nationality** Applicants must have the Dutch nationality and live in one of these municipalities: Maastricht, Eijsden-Margraten, Gulpen-Wittem, Valkenburg a/d Geul, Meerssen, Vaals. Applicants should be born and live in the Parkstad Region (Heerlen, Kerkrade, Landgraaf, Brunssum, Simpelveld, Voerendaal, Beekdaelen. Applicants must be enrolled as students at U.S. higher education institutions.