Foreign Government Scholarship Programs Jump to navigation United States Department of State ECA Alumni American English EducationUSA Exchanges J-1 Visa StudyAbroad The Experience of Studying in the USA The Experience of Studying in the USA The U.S. Educational System FAQs Glossary Stories from International Students Living on Campus For Parents Student Emergencies News Your 5 Steps to U.S. Study Your 5 Steps to U.S. Study Research Your Options Community College Undergraduate Graduate Short-Term English Language Online Learning Finance Your Studies Community College Undergraduate Graduate Short-Term English Language Online Learning Complete Your Application Community College Undergraduate Graduate English Language Short-Term Apply for Your Student Visa Community College Undergraduate Graduate English Language Short-Term Prepare for Your Departure Community College Undergraduate Graduate English Language Short-Term Find an Event Find an Advising Center U.S. Higher Education Professionals Why Internationalize The EducationUSA Network EducationUSA Centers Washington D.C. and U.S. Embassies Regional Educational Advising Coordinators (REACs) EducationUSA Advisers Policies for Services Fairs and Events Campus Visits Special Programs Recruitment Resources Open Doors Report Global Guide Student Mobility Fact Sheets Leveraging Scholarships Online Services U.S. Higher Education Monthly Newsletter Social Media Terms and Conditions Submit Content Podcasts U.S. Government Resources And Guidance The U.S. Department of State The U.S. Department of Commerce The U.S. Department of Education The Federal Bureau of Investigation Department of Homeland Security U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) National Science Foundation (NSF) Foreign Institutions and Governments Understanding U.S. Higher Education EducationUSA Assistance International Student Visas The EducationUSA Network The EducationUSA Network EducationUSA Centers Regional Education Advising Coordinators (REACs) Washington D.C. and U.S. Embassies EducationUSA Advisers US Government Agencies Fairs and Events Campus Hosting Special Programs EducationUSA Resources U.S. Events Sponsored by Education Associations Student Mobility Data Non-EducationUSA Overseas International Events Partnering with U.S. Universities Student Emergencies Leveraging Scholarships There are many foreign government sponsored scholarship programs for international students seeking to study in the United States. These programs vary widely by country and many focus on specific degrees, disciplines, or types of U.S. study. The EducationUSA network can serve as a resource for U.S. colleges and universities seeking to learn more about scholarship programs and how to recruit sponsored students. To learn more about foreign government scholarship programs offered to students from a particular part of the world contact the EducationUSA Regional Educational Advising Coordinator (REAC) serving in that region. REAC contact details can be found in the logged in section of this website. The annual EducationUSA Global Guide (EGG) is also a great resource that discusses government scholarship programs. Log In U.S. Higher Education Professionals Why Internationalize The EducationUSA Network Fairs and Events Special Programs Recruitment Resources Open Doors Report Global Guide Student Mobility Fact Sheets Leveraging Scholarships Online Services U.S. Government Resources And Guidance