Scholarships and bursaries | Cheriton School of Computer Science | University of Waterloo Skip to main content Scholarships and bursaries ACM-W Scholarships for Attendance at Research Conferences ACM-W provides support for women undergraduate and graduate students in computer science and related programs to attend research conferences. The ACM-W scholarships are divided between scholarships of up to $600 for intra-continental conference travel, and scholarships of up to $1,200 for intercontinental conference travel. Anita Borg Institute’s Abie Awards Various awards that celebrate the achievements of women in tech Bev Marshman Scholarship in Applied Math and Computing A scholarship, valued at $1,500, awarded annually to a full-time female undergraduate student enroled in year three or four of the Applied Math or Computer Science programs. Selection is based on academic excellence (minimum 80% cumulative average), and a commitment to campus life through volunteerism. Preference will be given to students in financial need; to that end students are invited to explain what it would mean to them to receive this award. Further preference will be given to students from outside the province of Ontario. Canadian Federation of University Women The CFUW Charitable Trust provides funds for a range of post-graduate awards and fellowships to women Karen Padham Taylor Scholarship for Women in Computer Science Two scholarships, valued at $7,500 each, awarded annually to full-time female undergraduate students enrolled in year three of Honours Computer Science (co-op) or Software Engineering in the David R. Cheriton School of Computer Science. Selection will be made based on academic excellence. Konrad Group Women in Technology Scholarship A scholarship, valued at $2,000, will be awarded annually to a full-time female student enrolled in year three or four in the Faculty of Mathematics. Selection will be made on the basis of academic achievement and a demonstrated interest in pursuing a career in digital technology — i.e., work-term experiences, extracurricular activities, and/or project work. Konrad Group Digital Technology Scholarship A scholarship, valued at $2,000, awarded annually to a full-time student enrolled in year three or four in the Faculty of Mathematics. Selection will be made based on academic achievement and a demonstrated interest in pursuing a career in digital technology — i.e., work-term experiences, extracurricular activities, and/or project work. Microsoft Research Dissertation Grant The Microsoft Research Dissertation Grant aims to increase the pipeline of diverse talent receiving advanced degrees in computing-related fields by providing a research funding opportunity for doctoral students who are underrepresented in the field of computing, which include those who self-identify as a woman, African American, Black, Hispanic, Latinx, American Indian, Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian, Pacific Islander, and/or people with disabilities. Palantir Scholarship for Women in Computer Science A scholarship, valued at $2,000, is awarded annually to a full-time female undergraduate student enrolled in year four in the David R. Cheriton School of Computer Science. Selection is made based on completion of at least two of CS 341 (Algorithms), CS 343 (Concurrent and Parallel Programming), and CS 350 (Operating Systems), within the past year and with the highest major average. Pasupalak Undergraduate Scholarship for Women in Computer Science A scholarship, valued at up to $1,350, awarded annually to a full-time female undergraduate student entering year four of any program in the David R. Cheriton School of Computer Science. Selection is based on academic achievement (minimum 80% cumulative average) combined with a demonstrated interest in artificial intelligence. Women @ School of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University A listing of fellowships and scholarships maintained by CMU’s Women @ School of Computer Science; some regional restrictions apply Women Techmakers Scholars Program , formerly the Google Anita Borg Memorial Scholarship Program Women Techmakers Scholars will receive $5,000. A group of undergraduate and graduate students will be chosen from the applicant pool, and scholarships will be awarded based on the strength of each candidate ’ s impact on diversity, demonstrated leadership and academic background. University of Waterloo’s Provost Doctoral Entrance Award for Women This award provides outstanding full-time female doctoral students (Canadian citizen, permanent resident or student on a study permit) an entrance scholarship in the amount of $5,000 for one year. The award is normally paid across two terms.