Canadian Cybersecurity Scholarship and Loan Programs | SANS Technology Institute Skip to main content Canadian Cybersecurity Scholarship and Loan Programs Discover funding options for Canadian students to attend the best college in cybersecurity. Our cybersecurity programs are designed for working professionals and 100% online options are available for all programs. Jump to: Select Scholarships Success Stories Our Programs Contact Us Scholarships Success Stories Our Programs Contact Us Cybersecurity Education Funding Opportunities for Canadians Funding Options for Ontario Residents All SANS.edu programs are eligible for the Ontario Student Assistance Program (OSAP), a financial aid program for Ontario residents who are Canadian citizens, permanent residents, or protected persons. Once you are admitted to a SANS.edu academic program, our Bursar’s office can complete the required forms. View the OSAP Website Education and Training Benefits for Canadian Veterans Thinking of going back to school after your career in the Canadian military? The Canadian Education and Training Benefit helps qualified Canadian Veterans finance their education—and all SANS.edu programs are eligible. Visit the ETB Website Employer Education Benefits SANS Technology Institute programs are accredited, designed for working professionals, and eligible for most employer tuition assistance and tuition reimbursement plans. Contact your Human Resources department to learn how to use your organization’s education benefits at the SANS Technology Institute. Learn More “ My SANS certifications have taken me to places I never knew I could reach. They have significantly boosted my career and opened doors to opportunities I didn't think were possible. ” Fritz Villanueva Threat Hunter, Scotiabank Read Fritz's Story Choose the Program That’s Right for You Applied Cybersecurity Certificate Identify talent with the potential to succeed and prepare them with the skills and certifications to join your cyber team. Learn More Bachelor's Degree in Applied Cybersecurity Transfer your college credits to SANS.edu and become one of the most job-ready candidates in cybersecurity. Learn More Graduate Certificate Programs in Cybersecurity Advance your InfoSec career through technically focused sets of courses that sharpen job-specific skills. Learn More Cybersecurity Master's Degree Take your InfoSec career to the highest levels—developing both hands-on technical skills and the ability to lead. Learn More Success Stories Slide 1 of 4 “ Between starting and finishing the Applied Cybersecurity Certificate program, I made enough salary gains to pay for the program twice. The people are great; the school is great; there's nothing not to love. ” Jake Danuser Vulnerability Analyst, xAI Read Jake's Story Slide 2 of 4 “ SANS.edu is one of the best investments I've ever made. When I look at my career trajectory since joining SANS, I can confidently say that the bachelor’s degree program has already paid for itself. ” Rachel Downs Principal Consultant, Bridewell Read Rachel's Story Slide 3 of 4 “ The very same day I discovered the GI Bill® would cover my SANS.edu tuition costs, I filled out an application. It was the beginning of my professional transformation. I am not exaggerating when I say SANS.edu changed my life. ” James Childers Senior Security Engineer, GuidePoint Security Read James' Story Slide 4 of 4 “ Every course I’ve taken at SANS has been directly relevant to my job. There’s no filler, just practical knowledge that makes an impact. ” Christina Westfall Senior Threat Detection Engineer, Anvilogic Read Christina's Story Flexible Learning Options Your mind has no borders. Why should your college? Our online and in-person course options are designed to fit your life and how you like to learn. OnDemand Our most flexible online option gives you 24/7 access to courses recorded by top cybersecurity practitioners. You can rewind and repeat content, including hands-on labs, quizzes, and exercises. Live Online Study from home—and save on travel and lodging expenses—through live, interactive scheduled online courses with SANS instructors and hands-on labs in a virtual environment. In-Person Immersive weeklong courses are held across the country and around the world throughout the year. Meet fellow students and instructors and attend exclusive in-person events. Join Us For a Free Online Info Session SANS.edu offers a career-focused cybersecurity education with a lot more flexibility and personalized support than you'll find in a "traditional" college. Join a free online info session to learn how our world-class programs can help you meet your cybersecurity career goals. See All Info Sessions Get More Info Discover how SANS.edu can help you launch or advance your cybersecurity career. Fill out this form and we'll send you more information, invitations to upcoming online info sessions, and updates. Loading...