DAAD Scholarship Guide for International Students - Study in Germany for Free Facebook TikTok X Plan Your Studies Study Programs Universities Requirements Health Insurance for International Students Proof of Financial Resources Germany Student Visa Living in Germany Learn German Statistics & News Search Get Your Free Study in Germany Guide Get Your Free Study in Germany Guide Plan Your Studies Study Programs Universities Requirements Health Insurance for International Students Proof of Financial Resources Germany Student Visa Living in Germany Learn German Statistics & News Search Planning Your Studies in Germany DAAD Scholarship Guide for International Students DAAD Scholarship Guide for International Students Written by Vlera Haxhiavdyli Updated on May 29, 2025 Edited & Reviewed by Blerina Kelmendi Studying or doing research in Germany is a big dream for many, and DAAD funding is one of the most popular scholarships that helps international students and researchers turn it into reality. This guide will simplify the DAAD application process, from figuring out the types of scholarships available to understanding eligibility criteria, submitting your application, and undergoing the interview process. Table of Contents Highlights: DAAD scholarships mostly target master’s students, doctoral students, and postdoctoral researchers. They fund studies, research projects, and occasionally internships in Germany. They don’t fund full bachelor’s degrees, but bachelor students can apply for short-term programs like summer courses. Most scholarships include a monthly stipend (€992 for master’s & €1,300 for doctoral and PhD candidates), health insurance contributions, an annual study allowance, and other optional benefits. To apply for a scholarship: register on the DAAD portal, choose a scholarship, fill out the online form with your study/research details, and upload required documents. In most cases, you have to apply separately to study or do research at a German university/institution you like. What Is DAAD? DAAD stands for Deutscher Akademischer Austauschdienst (German Academic Exchange Service). It is not one single scholarship, but a large organization that offers different scholarship programs and funding options for: Incoming international students who want to study and research in Germany (This guide will focus on this category). Outgoing German students and researchers who want to go abroad to study, research, or teach. These scholarships vary based on country of origin, study field, degree level (bachelor’s, master’s, PhD), and purpose (full-degree study, research stays, short courses, etc.). DAAD awards more than 100,000 scholarships annually, and since its founding in 1925, around 3 million scholars have benefited from funding. What DAAD Scholarships Are Available for Internationals? DAAD scholarships for international students & researchers coming to Germany can be categorized as follows: Undergraduates (e.g., students pursuing a bachelor’s degree) Graduates (students who have completed an undergraduate degree and want to pursue master’s studies) Doctoral candidates/PhD students Postdoctoral researchers There are different types of scholarship programs available for each of these categories. For example: Undergraduates DAAD doesn’t usually fund full undergraduate studies in Germany. Scholarships for this category are mostly for students already enrolled in a bachelor’s program abroad who want to visit Germany for short-term opportunities such as summer or winter courses, internships, etc. Some DAAD scholarships for undergraduates include: University Summer Courses offered in Germany for Foreign Students and Graduates (all nationalities) – supports undergraduate and master’s degree students to pursue language, regional studies, and technical language courses at German universities RISE Germany – Research Internships in Science and Engineering (exchange for North American, British, and Irish students) – summer internship for students from these countries to gain research experience in fields such as biology, chemistry, physics, engineering, and computer science Gilman-DAAD Germany Scholarships (courses, exchanges, or internships for U.S. students) – supports U.S. Pell Grant recipients who are full-time undergraduate students to study or intern in Germany > View all undergraduate scholarships . Graduates Graduates, especially students who want to do a master’s in Germany, are a big focus of DAAD funding opportunities. Some DAAD scholarships for graduates include: Study Scholarships – Master Studies for All Academic Disciplines – supports postgraduate students to pursue a master’s degree Development-Related Postgraduate Courses (EPOS) – supports professionals from developing countries to pursue postgraduate degrees in development-related fields Study scholarships for STEM disciplines – supports students from developing and emerging countries to pursue master’s degrees in STEM subjects Study Scholarships – Postgraduate Studies in the Field of Architecture – supports students with a degree in Architecture or related fields to pursue advanced studies Study Scholarships – Postgraduate Studies in the Fields of Fine Art, Design, Visual Communication, and Film – supports graduates with a first degree in arts to pursue a master’s degree or a complementary course without a degree Study Scholarships – Postgraduate Studies in the Field of the Performing Arts – supports performing arts graduates to pursue a postgraduate or complementary course in Drama, Theatre Directing, Musicals, Performance Studies, Dance, or Choreography Helmut-Schmidt-Program Master’s Scholarships for Public Policy and Good Governance – supports future leaders from developing countries to pursue relevant master’s programs relevant to social, political, and economic development in their home country > View all graduate scholarships . Doctoral Candidates/PhD Students Scholarships for doctoral candidates/PhD students are for highly qualified master’s graduates (or equivalent) who want to pursue a full PhD or conduct part of their doctoral research at a German university/research institute. Some DAAD funding opportunities for doctoral candidates/PhD students include: Research Grants – Doctoral Programs in Germany – supports supervised projects or structured doctoral programs in Germany Research Grants in Germany – supports research projects in Germany Research Grants – Binationally Supervised Doctoral Degrees / Cotutelle – supports joint doctorates with a German university through the Sandwich or Cotutelle model > View all doctoral candidates/PhD students’ scholarships . Postdoctoral Researchers These scholarships are for highly qualified international researchers who want to pursue research at a German university/research institution. Some DAAD scholarships of this kind include: Research Grants in Germany – supports doctorate or early postdoctorate research stays in Germany Bilateral Exchange of Academics (to Germany) – supports university teachers, experienced academics, and scientists with a doctorate for a research stay at a German university or research institution ERA Green Hydrogen Fellowships for international Postdocs – supports postdocs from specific countries to conduct research or pursue further training related to Green Hydrogen (GH2) > View all scholarships for postdoctoral researchers . Get Personalized Help Sign up to get tailored advice for every stage of your move to Germany! What Are the Eligibility Criteria for DAAD Scholarships? Each scholarship program from DAAD specifies its requirements based on the target group, but some general eligibility criteria include: Academic qualifications (e.g., bachelor’s degree or equivalent for master’s programs, master’s degree for doctoral programs, completed PhD for postdoctoral programs) Strong academic performance (typically above average) Nationality (if the scholarship is tied to specific countries) Time passed since last degree (some programs specify a maximum time since you obtained your last degree) Language proficiency (German or English, depending on the program) Previous stay in Germany (applicants should not have been in Germany for more than 15 months at the time of application) You will be evaluated based on two main components as selection criteria: the quality of the project and your academic achievements. What Do DAAD Scholarships Cover? DAAD scholarships cover a range of benefits, which vary depending on the program you’re applying for. For example, short-term stays such as summer courses include a one-time payment (€1,192 or €1,367, depending on nationality) along with other benefits. However, as most scholarships support graduate and PhD students and researchers, they generally cover the following: Monthly stipend (€992 master’s students, €1,300 doctoral candidates & postdocs) Health, accident, and personal liability insurance Travel allowance ( based on where you’re traveling from ) Additional benefits may include: Rent subsidy (in specific cases) Monthly allowance for accompanying family members (in specific cases) Subsidy of additional costs incurred in case of disability or chronic illness Additional stipend for green travel (if you’re traveling by train, bus, etc.) How to Apply for a DAAD Scholarship? The application for a DAAD scholarship should be submitted through the DAAD portal , where you need to register through your email address or sign in if you’re already registered. Important info: For most scholarships, you must apply separately to the university or research institution in Germany, and submitting a DAAD scholarship application does not automatically mean you’re applying to a study or research program. Both applications are handled independently, so make sure to follow the deadlines and requirements for each. Here are all the next steps you need to take to apply: Step 1: Choose a Program Visit the DAAD scholarship database and select your preferred scholarship. Next, select the green ‘Submitting an Application’ tab. Select your country & your student status (e.g., undergraduate, graduate, etc). This pre-fills parts of your application. Step 2: Start Application If you’re logged in to the DAAD portal, you will be redirected to the Application page. After ensuring all the details of the scholarship you want to apply to are correct, click ‘Start application’. Read the application conditions and the data protection notice, and select that you have read them to proceed. Step 3: Fill Out the Form Next, you have to complete the following sections of the application: Project In this section, you’ll have to specify if your chosen study/research field is interdisciplinary (combines two or more disciplines), what subject group it falls under, as well as the subject. You should also write an explanation and a short description of the project. Target institution This refers to the university or research institution in Germany where you plan to study or research. You should provide all the required information, including the name of the institution, the study program or research department, duration, etc. Remember that for some programs (like EPOS), only specific universities or programs are eligible, so make sure to comply with the program guidelines. If you’re applying to more than one institution, which is often recommended for study scholarships to improve your chances in case you’re not accepted by your top choice, you can list the additional target institutions. Academic career/professional experience This part of the application deals with your last degree and current academic and/or professional experience. If you haven’t graduated yet (but will graduate before the start of the funding period), you can submit information about your current study institution & program. Language skills Here, you should specify your level of language proficiency, based on the program/scholarship requirements. For example, if your chosen master’s pr