External Fellowships External Fellowships and Grants This page collects notices we receive at LGS about fellowship or grant opportunities that may be of interest to graduate students. Do not use this page in lieu of a systematic search . We encourage students to use the Grant Forward database to search for more opportunities. Grant Forward The Grant Forward database is a great resource for identifying funding opportunities. Note: Because Emory subscribes to Grant Forward as an institution, you must access the database from campus or by using a VPN connection. Grant Forward We also recommend students take advantage of two other resources: UCLA database University of Illinois database Boren Fellowships Boren Fellowships provide up to $25,000 to graduate students to add an important international language component to their education through specialization in area study, language study or increased language proficiency. Boren Fellowships support study and research in areas of the world that are critical to U.S. interests, including Africa, Asia, Central and Eastern Europe, Eurasia, Latin America and the Middle East. Boren Fellows represent a variety of academic and professional disciplines, but all are interested in studying less commonly taught languages. View Boren Fellowships Applicant Webinars here Berlin Graduate Exchange Student Program The Laney Graduate School maintains a graduate student exchange program with the Freie Universität Berlin (FUB). The program seeks to promote strong academic and cultural ties between the two institutions. One student may be selected to represent Emory at the FUB for the 2024-25 academic year (October 1, 2026 - July 31, 2027). Selection is based on a competitive process. Deadline to apply: February 15, 2026 Application guidelines Direct exchange program fact sheet Information packet for students Berlin Program for Advanced German and European Studies Fellowship The Berlin Program offers up to one year of dissertation or postdoctoral research support at the Freie Universität Berlin , one of Germany’s leading research universities. It is open to scholars in all social science and humanities disciplines, including historians working on German and European history since the mid-18th century. The program accepts applications from nationals, permanent and long-term residents from the U.S. and Canada. Applicants for a dissertation fellowship must be full-time graduate students enrolled at a North American university who have achieved ABD status by the time the proposed research stay in Berlin begins. Also eligible are U.S. and Canadian Ph.D.s who have received their doctorates within the past two calendar years from a North American university. Program website Charlotte W. Newcombe Doctoral Dissertation Fellowship The Charlotte W. Newcombe Doctoral Dissertation Fellowships are designed to encourage original and significant study of ethical or religious values in all fields of the humanities and social sciences, and particularly to help Ph.D. candidates in these fields complete their dissertation work in a timely manner. In addition to topics in religious studies or in ethics (philosophical or religious), dissertations appropriate to the Newcombe Fellowship competition might explore the ethical implications of foreign policy, the values influencing political decisions, the moral codes of other cultures, and religious or ethical issues reflected in history or literature. Program website Chateaubriand Fellowship Program This fellowship offered by the Embassy of France in the United States allows PhD students enrolled in American universities to conduct research in France for 4–9 months. The program is divided into two sub-programs: Science, Technology, Engineering, Math and Health and Humanities and Social Sciences. Program website Christine Mirzayan Science and Technology Policy Graduate Fellowship Program Launched in 1997, the Christine Mirzayan Science & Technology Policy Graduate Fellowship Program is a full-time, hands-on workforce training and educational program that provides early career individuals with the opportunity to spend 12 weeks at the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine in Washington, DC learning about science and technology policy and the role that scientists and engineers play in advising the nation. Each year, new Mirzayan Fellows join a National Academies unit where they are assigned to a mentor and learn about the world of science and technology policy. Program website Critical Language Scholarship (CLS) Program The Critical Language Scholarship (CLS) Program is an immersive summer opportunity for American college and university students at any level to learn languages essential to America’s national security, economic prosperity, and engagement with the world. The CLS Program offers programs in a dozen critical languages: Arabic, Chinese, Hindi, Indonesian, Japanese, Korean, Persian, Portuguese, Russian, Swahili, Turkish, and Urdu. Some languages require prior study, while others are open to beginners. Recipient will spend 8-10 weeks abroad where the language is spoken participating in daily language classes, working with language partners, and participating in cultural excursions and activities. Join CLS alum and the NS&FP staff to learn more about this rewarding, unique program, its application process, and to hear from Emory alum about their experiences. This information session will be conducted virtually. Program website Data Incubator's Data Science Fellowship The Data Science Fellowship Program from The Data Incubator is one of the most rigorous, intensive programs available today. Designed to create the data scientists of tomorrow from qualified STEM academics, this full-time, eight-week program provides the skills needed to succeed in the “best job in America.” Program website DOE Fusion Energy Sciences Postdoctoral Research Program The purpose of the Fusion Energy Sciences Postdoctoral Research Program is to offer recent doctoral degree recipients the opportunity to conduct research in DOE fusion energy research and development programs. Participants acquire knowledge and experience in areas of fusion energy science, interact with outstanding scientists and engineers, and have access to advanced equipment and facilities. Appointments are made to designated DOE laboratories, universities and contractor fusion energy centers. Program website Dolores Zohrab Liebmann Fund The Dolores Zohrab Liebmann Fund was established by the Will of Dolores Zohrab Liebmann and is administered by JPMorgan, Trustee. Mrs. Liebmann was the daughter of a prominent Armenian intellectual, writer and statesman and was married to one of the owners of a successful American business. She supported students and educational and charitable organizations during her lifetime. Mrs. Liebmann's primary concern, as expressed in her Will, was to attract and support students with outstanding character and ability who hold promise for achievement and distinction in their chosen fields of study. The trustees welcome applications from students of all national origins who are United States citizens. Internal application deadline: December 19, 2025 Call for applications Application form Dooley Distinguished Research Fellows Program Research Fellowships will support scholars from outside the Savannah area engaged in graduate-level, post-doctoral, and independent research. These Research Fellowships will be awarded through an application process. Applications are for on-site research in the collections of the Georgia Historical Society and are intended to assist with offsetting expenses while Research Fellows conduct research at GHS. Research Fellows have access to the GHS Research Collections, including manuscripts, photographs, architectural drawings, rare and non-rare books, and thousands of maps, portraits, and artifacts. Up to $5,000 will be awarded each cycle with 1-5 Research Fellows in each award cycle . Program website Fulbright Emory has an internal process to manage Fulbright submissions. Click on the link below to visit our Fulbright page. Fulbright Fulbright-Hays Doctoral Dissertation Research Abroad (DDRA) Program This program provides grants to colleges and universities to fund individual doctoral students who conduct research in other countries, in modern foreign languages, and area studies for periods of six to 12 months. Internal Deadline: TBA once new competition is announced. Please note that ED has cancelled the FY2025 funding and there is yet no indication that a new competition will re-open. View website Federal Register DDRA may post their Fulbright-Hays DDRA Technical Assistance Webinar here Google PhD Fellowship The Google PhD Fellowship Program was created to recognize outstanding graduate students doing exceptional and innovative research in areas relevant to computer science and related fields. Fellowships support promising PhD candidates of all backgrounds who seek to influence the future of technology. Our research teams impact technology used by people all over the world and we encourage people of a wide range of backgrounds to apply. We currently offer fellowships in Africa, Australia, Canada, East Asia, Europe, India, Latin America, the Middle East, New Zealand, Southeast Asia and the United States. Interested students must first submit their materials by the internal deadline and a select number will be nominated to Google. The Fellows program offers: - Up to $85,000/year towards education costs (tuition/fees), living expenses, travel, and personal equipment (effective from 2025 for new recipients). - Up to 2 year Fellowship Areas of research focus (see the PDF below for details): Computer Architecture Algorithms/Optimization Health Research Human-Computer Interaction Machine Learning and ML Foundations Machine Perception Natural Language Processing Privacy, Safety, and Security Quantum Computing Software Eng. and Programming Languages Systems, Networking, and Cloud Computing General Eligibility Requirements (All Regions): Students must remain enrolled full-time in the PhD program for the duration of the Fellowship or forfeit the award. Google employees, and their spouses, children, and members of their household are not eligible. Students that are already supported by a comparable industry award are not eligible. Government or non-profit organization funding is exempt. Past awardees from the PhD Fellowship program are not eligible to apply again. Canada and the United States Students who have completed graduate coursework in their PhD by the academic award year when the Fellowship begins. Emory internal deadline : 12 p.m., April 17, 2026 Internal application Hertz Foundation Fellows Program The Hertz Fellowship is awarded annually to the nation’s most promising graduate students in science and technology. Using a rigorous, merit-based process, they identify innovators with the greatest potential to create transformative solutions to the world's most urgent challenges. Program website HHMI Gilliam Fellows Program Through this program, HHMI supports both graduate students and their faculty thesis advisors. Fellows receive up to three years of PhD dissertation support alongside numerous opportunities to connect with peers, program alumni, and HHMI scientists at every career stage. Both students and advisors benefit from tailored professional development programming and become part of HHMI’s vibrant scientific community. Program website Lafayette Fellowship (Masters students only) Designed to support the next generation of young leaders with a strong interest in the transatlantic relationship, the Lafayette Fellowship will fund one year of master’s-level study in France for up to 30 outstanding American students. Open to both Francophone and non-Francophone candidates, the program partners with leading French academic institutions across STEM, humanities, social sciences, and the arts, with courses taught