SECAI Scholarships Skip to content A joint project with DE EN © Sebastian Weingart Scholarships in SECAI SECAI scholarships were created to support outstanding students who intend to study AI or a related field at TU Dresden or Leipzig University. AI is viewed as an interdisciplinary undertaking that requires talents in computer science, engineering, mathematics, social science, law, the natural sciences, and application areas such as medicine. The scholarships cover living expenses in Germany to allow students to focus on their studies, kick-start their research career, and build their professional network. The scholarship is mainly based on academic excellence, but also aims to improve internationalization and diversity in AI-related teaching programs. Women in STEM subjects are particularly encouraged to apply. Special personal circumstances are taken into account, for example if students are systematically disadvantaged or prosecuted in their home countries, or are refugees of war. Target group Highly qualified (current or prospective) Master students who have achieved excellent results in their Bachelor's studies, and who pursue Master-level studies in Artificial Intelligence, broadly conceived. A cumulative grade point average of 1.7 or better is required (after conversion to the German grading system). Who can apply? Students can apply if they meet all of the following criteria: They currently are or soon will be students of TU Dresden or Leipzig University at Master level (it is possible to apply for the scholarship in parallel to applying for a Master's program; this requires two independent applications). The content of their studies are closely related to the research areas of SECAI. This includes but is not limited to studies in the following programs: M.Sc. Computer Science (TUD) M.Sc. Computational Modeling and Simulation (TUD) in tracks Applied Artificial Intelligence and Computational Life Science M.Sc. Data Science (UL) M.Sc. Nanoelectronic Systems (TUD) M.Sc. Bioinformatics (Bioinformatik, UL) M.Sc. Medical Informatics (Medizininformatik, UL) Moreover, students of other programs may apply if they have specialized towards an AI-related topic by choice of their elective courses or project/thesis topics. Relevant study programs include: M.Sc. or Diplom programs in Computer Science LL.M. (Master of Laws) studies with a focus on legal aspects of AI M.A. studies at TUD and UL with a focus on human and societal dimensions of AI M.Sc. studies in psychology with a focus on socio-technical systems and human-machine interaction All applicants must demonstrate an above-average academic track record, typically with a cumulative grade point average of 1.7 or better (after conversion to the German grading system). Exceptions may be made in case of adverse personal circumstances. Students in German Diplom study programs are considered Master level after having completed the first two years of their study (Grundstudium). Application Please submit your application via the this application form: Apply here Deadline The call for applications is open from 1st April to 30th June. The general deadline for all applications is 30th June. However, a limited number of outstanding applications may be selected earlier. Applying by the following earlier dates is not required, but gives you the chance to be considered for early selection: 19th April: for study program LL.M International Studies in Intellectual Property Law and Data Law 19th May: all study programs Duration of the funding The funding is limited to the remaining duration of the recipient’s studies according to the model study plan (“Regelstudienzeit”). Shorter scholarship durations can be determined by the Selection Committee based on available budget and the specific study situation and progress of the candidate. If the prerequisites for receiving a scholarship are no longer satisfied, then the scholarship will end immediately. Amount of the funding The monthly grant consists of a monthly allowance as defined in the applicable scholarship regulations , currently EUR 934. Any extra income must be declared, and the scholarship may be reduced by the amount of gross income exceeding EUR 603. Foreign students may be entitled to a monthly family allowance. News All News Mirele Costa Visits the Leipzig Bioinformatics Group © André Wirsig / SECAI SECAI Scholarship – Call for Outstanding Master's Students in AI Is Open SECAI Congratulates Christian Vielhaus on His Doctorate Max Beining Teaches the EMBO Practical Course © Tine Jurtz Fellow Anne Lauber-Rönsberg Was Appointed as Expert at the Learning Systems Platform