HS study abroad Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs Exchange Programs High School Study Abroad Expand your horizons – study abroad! The U.S. Department of State offers scholarships for American high school students to study abroad from two weeks to an academic year. Students live with host families, engage with local schools, and gain skills to be competitive in the global workforce. Previous language study is not required for most programs. Fact sheet Congress–Bundestag Youth Exchange Program (CBYX) Full scholarships for high school students to spend an academic year in Germany. Live with a host family while you attend high school and immerse into your host community and German culture! Learn more Apply Now Brochure Future Leaders Exchange Abroad (FLEX Abroad) Full scholarships for American high school students to live and study for an academic year in Georgia, Kazakhstan, or Poland. As a FLEX Abroad participant, you can help strengthen ties between the peoples of the United States and Central Asia and Central and Eastern Europe. Learn more Apply Now Brochure Kennedy-Lugar Youth Exchange and Study (YES) Abroad Full scholarships for American high school students to live and study in Middle East, Africa, Asia, or Southeast Europe. Get to know another culture first-hand and form lasting friendships with your host family and community! Learn more Apply Now Brochure National Security Language Initiative for Youth (NSLI-Y) Apply for a full scholarship to immerse yourself in Arabic, Hindi, Indonesian, Korean, Mandarin, Persian (Tajik), Russian, or Turkish for a summer or an academic year while living with a host family and experiencing the local culture. Previous language study is not required! Learn more Apply Now Brochure Poster Youth Ambassadors Full scholarships for high school students and adult educators to take part in approximately 3-week youth exchange programs in Central and South America during the summer months. Gain new skills or improve your Spanish or Portuguese in a fully immersive language and cultural experience focused on leadership, civic engagement, and community service. Learn more Apply Now Gain International Perspectives Without Leaving the USA Not ready to travel outside the USA? You can still make connections around the world with these short-term domestic exchanges and hosting opportunities. Exchanges in the USA Host in Your Home Study Abroad Opportunities for U.S. High School Students Experience a new world and expand your horizons - study abroad in high school! The U.S. Department of State offers full scholarships to high school students to study abroad for one academic year. Create long-lasting friendships with people around the globe, promote mutual understanding, learn a new language, and develop leadership skills. Congress–Bundestag Youth Exchange Program (CBYX) Full scholarships for high school students to spend an academic year in Germany. Live with a host family while you attend high school or participate in an internship. Live and learn German culture! Learn more Apply Now National Security Language Initiative for Youth (NSLI-Y) Full scholarship to study Arabic, Bahasa Indonesia, Mandarin, Hindi, Korean, Persian (Tajik), Russian, or Turkish for a summer or an academic year. Live abroad with a host family while pursuing your intensive language study. Previous language study is not required. Language learners of all levels are encouraged to apply! Learn more Apply Now Kennedy-Lugar Youth Exchange and Study (YES) Abroad Full scholarships for American high school students to live and study in Middle East, Africa, Asia, or the Balkans. Get to know Muslim culture first-hand and form lasting friendships with your host family and community! Learn more Apply Now Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs Exchange Programs U.S. Department of State