External Fellowships - Graduate Studies Office Graduate Studies / Financial Support / External Fellowships External Fellowships Related Pages Caltech encourages applicants and current students to seek financial support from external sources. Some of the most common fellowships/scholarships available to graduate students are listed below. These fellowships and grants require direct application to the granting agency. External Fellowships by Category Humanities/Social Science International Students Science/Engineering Alphabetical Listing of External Fellowships Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A*STAR) A*STAR Graduate Academy offers and awards scholarships and fellowships to young aspiring scientific talent at top global universities to enable them to pursue their passion in science and to prepare for a rewarding R&D career. Since 2001, A*STAR has supported and nurtured a pipeline of more than 1300 local PhD talent, ensuring a sustainable flow of capable and committed PhD students and early-career researchers at public research institutes, industry and universities, as part of Singapore's efforts to strengthen the growing community of scientific talent in Singapore. Air and Waste Management Association (A&WMA) Graduate Scholarships The Air & Waste Management Association (A&WMA) provides several scholarships to outstanding students who are pursuing courses of study and research leading to careers in air quality, waste management, environmental management / policy / law, and sustainability. AISES A. T. Anderson Memorial Scholarship Open to students pursuing degrees in Mathematics, Medical Sciences, Physical Science, Technology, Science, Engineering or Natural Resources. AISES Chevron Corporation Scholarship Must be pursuing a degree that is beneficial to Chevron business and have an interest in the energy industry. This may include STEM degrees, as well as business related studies. AISES Intel Growing the Legacy Scholarship Program Open to students pursuing degrees in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, and Electrical Engineering. Chemical Engineering and Materials Science will also be considered. AISES Oracle Academy Scholarship Open to students pursuing degrees in Computer Science or Computer Engineering. Aker Scholarship The Aker Scholarship is for Norwegian students pursuing an advanced degree in all disciplines. Scholarships are limited to students pursuing degrees at Caltech, MIT, Harvard, Stanford, University of Pennsylvania, Oxford, Cambridge, Imperial College London, and the National University of Singapore. Alexander Graham Bell Association for the Deaf and Hard of Hearing Scholarship AG Bell offers several scholarship for full-time students who have a pre-lingual bilateral hearing loss in the moderately-severe to profound range, use listening and spoken language, and who are pursuing a bachelors, masters or doctorate (not law or public policy) degree at an accredited mainstream college or university. American Association of Petroleum Geologists (AAPG) Foundation Grants Grants are open to all geology graduate students. Grants are based on merit, and in part, on the financial needs of the applicant. Although the focus of the program is the support of qualified candidates for Masters or equivalent degrees, qualified doctoral candidates are also encouraged to apply. American Council of Learned Societies (ACLS) - Andrew W. Mellon Fellowship for Dissertation Completion The Mellon/ACLS supports a year of research and writing to help advanced graduate students in the humanities and related social sciences in the last year of PhD dissertation writing. The program encourages timely completion of the PhD. Applicants must be prepared to complete their dissertations within the period of their fellowship tenure. American Council of the Blind Scholarship For blind individuals who plan to attend or are attending college, graduate school or vocational training. American Foundation for the Blind Scholarships The AFB offers the Paul and Ellen Ruckes Scholarship of $1,000 to a full-time undergraduate or graduate student in the field of engineering or in computer, physical, or life sciences. The Karen D. Carsel Memorial Scholarship offers one scholarship of $500 to a full-time graduate student. American Geophysical Union (AGU) - Horton Research Grant in Hydrological Sciences Grants are awarded each year in support of Ph.D. candidates in hydrology or water resources research. American Heart Association (AHA) Predoctoral Fellowship AHA's predoctoral fellowship helps students initiate careers in cardiovascular and stroke research by providing research assistance and training. Proposals are encouraged from all basic science disciplines, bioengineering or biotechnology, public health, behavioral, epidemiological and community and clinical investigations that bear on cardiovascular and stroke problems. American Political Science Association Graduate Fellowships for Minority Students For doctoral students in political science. American Society for Microbiology (ASM) - Robert D. Watkins Graduate Research Fellowship The ASM Robert D. Watkins Graduate Research Fellowship is aimed at highly competitive graduate students who are enrolled in a Ph.D. program and who have completed their graduate course work in the microbiological sciences. The fellowship encourages students to continue and complete their research project in the microbiological sciences. American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME) - Graduate Teaching Fellowships The Graduate Teaching Fellowship Program is a collaboration between ASME and mechanical engineering departments to encourage outstanding doctoral candidates in mechanical engineering education (and related engineering fields). These fellowships are made possible with support from the ASME Foundation . American Water Works Association (AWWA) The AWWA offers scholarships for graduate students conducting research in the improvement of drinking water quality and supply. Argonne National Laboratory - Graduate Student Programs Argonne National Laboratory offers several opportunities for qualified graduate students who are engaged in work related to Argonne Programs. AT&T Laboratories Fellowship Program For students in engineering and the sciences relevant to AT&T business. Autism Speaks - Dennis Weatherstone Predoctoral Fellowships Autism Speaks supports global biomedical research into the diagnosis, causes, prevention and treatment of autism. Autism Speaks invites applications from predoctoral students interested in pursuing careers in autism research. Candidates must be an enrolled student in a program leading to a research doctorate such as a Ph.D. or Sc.D., or a combined degree such as an M.D./Ph.D., in an academic department of an accredited university or health/medical institution. The selected pre-doctoral fellow must spend at least 80% of his/her professional time engaged exclusively in their Autism Speaks' autism research related activities for the duration of the award, and cannot simultaneously hold another named fellowship award during the support period. International applications are encouraged. Chateaubriand Fellowships for Science & Technology Research in France The Chateaubriand Fellowship in Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics & Health for doctoral students aims to initiate or reinforce collaborations, partnerships or joint projects between French and American research teams. The Chateaubriand Fellowship supports PhD students registered in an American university who wish to conduct part of their doctoral research in a French laboratory. This fellowship is offered by the Office for Science & Technology (OST) of the Embassy of France in Washington in partnership with American universities and French research organizations such as Inserm and Inria. It is a partner of the National Science Foundation's GROW program . Christine H. Eide Memorial Scholarship Award For full-time graduate or undergraduate students who are legally blind and who are entering or attending an accredited college or university. Council of Graduate Schools (CGS)/Proquest Distinguished Dissertation Award Sponsored jointly by CGS and ProQuest Dissertations Publishing, a Division of ProQuest Information and Learning, and first presented in 1981, these awards are made annually to individuals who, in the opinion of the award committee, have completed dissertations representing original work that makes an unusually significant contribution to the discipline. Two awards are given annually in two different broad areas (biological sciences; social sciences; mathematics, physical sciences and engineering; and humanities and fine arts). Individuals must be nominated for these awards by a member institution. Dan David Prize Scholarship The Dan David Prize Scholarships are granted according to merit and applicants must be registered doctoral students or post-doctoral researchers. The Dan David Prize covers three time dimensions - Past, Present and Future - that represent realms of human achievement. The prizes are granted to individuals with proven, exceptional, distinct excellence in the sciences, arts, humanities, public service and business, that have made and continue to make an outstanding contribution to humanity. Department of Defense (DOD) - Science, Mathematics & Research for Transformation (SMART) Scholarship The Science, Mathematics And Research for Transformation (SMART) Scholarship for Service Program is an opportunity for students pursuing an undergraduate or graduate degree in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) disciplines to receive a full scholarship and be gainfully employed upon degree completion. Department of Energy / Krell Institute Computational Science Graduate Fellowship (DOE CSGF) The Department of Energy's Computational Science Graduate Fellowship (DOE CSGF) program was developed to meet the Nation's growing need for science and technology professionals with advanced computer skills. The fellowship - now jointly funded by the DOE's Office of Science and the DOE's National Nuclear Security Administration - requires that graduate students plan and follow a course of study that transcends the bounds of traditional academic disciplines. It requires substantive graduate work in each of a scientific or engineering discipline, computer science and applied mathematics. Department of Energy National Nuclear Security Administration Stewardship Science Graduate Fellowship The Department of Energy National Nuclear Security Administration Stewardship Science Graduate Fellowship (DOE NNSA SSGF) provides excellent financial benefits and professional development opportunities to students pursuing a Ph.D. in fields of study that solve complex science and engineering problems critical to stewardship science. Department of Energy Office of Science Graduate Student Research (SCGSR) Program The goal of the Office of Science Graduate Student Research (SCGSR) program is to prepare graduate students for science, technology, engineering, or mathematics (STEM) careers critically important to the DOE Office of Science mission, by providing graduate thesis research opportunities at DOE laboratories. The SCGSR program provides supplemental awards to outstanding U.S. graduate students to pursue part of their graduate thesis research at a DOE laboratory in areas that address scientific challenges central to the Office of Science mission. Department of Energy Office of Science Graduate Fellowship (DOE SCGF) The DOE Office of Science Graduate Fellowship program (SCGF) has supported outstanding graduate students pursuing graduate training in basic research in areas of physics, biology (non-medical), chemistry, mathematics, engineering, computational and computer sciences, and environmental sciences relevant to the Office of Science mission areas to encourage the development of the next generation of scientific and technical talent in the U.S. Directed Energy Schol