Country-related cooperation programme with Colombia (COLFUTURO - Fundación para el Futuro de Colombia) Master - DAAD - Deutscher Akademischer Austauschdienst Finding Scholarships Welcome to our scholarship database! Here you will find information about our DAAD scholarship programmes for international students and researchers as well as offers from other selected funding organisations . « Search results Country-related cooperation programme with Colombia (COLFUTURO - Fundación para el Futuro de Colombia) Master • DAAD Do you have any questions about DAAD scholarships? You will find the answers here ! Overview Please note: The usage of the application portal is possible only to a limited extent with mobile devices. Please use your desktop computer. Technical requirements Overview Eine Druckversion dieser Ausschreibung (PDF) steht Ihnen in den weiteren Registerkarten (z.B. „Bewerbungsvoraussetzungen“) zur Verfügung. A print version of this announcement (PDF) is available in the further tabs (e.g. “Application requirements”). Objective Graduates receive grants to complete a Master's degree in Germany. Who can apply? Applicants for a scholarship to obtain a master degree: very well qualified colombian graduates, who have accomplished a first university degree (bachelor or equivalent) at the time of application. What can be funded? Graduates complete a Master's degree at a German university Duration of the funding Approx. 2 years depending on the duration of the Master's programme Value Co-funded by COLFUTURO and DAAD Intensive German course in Germany (up to 6 months for Master's students incl. accommodation and cost of living during this period (DAAD)); alternatively, accompanying German course during course of studies Costs of outward and return travel (DAAD) Monthly scholarship payments up to the maximum amount determined by COLFUTURO (COLFUTURO/DAAD) Medical, nursing care, accident and personal liability insurance, if applicable also for accompanying dependants (DAAD) If applicable, cost of German language course for accompanying spouse (DAAD) Refund of TestDaF or DSH exam One-year research and study allowance The contribution awarded by COLFUTURO is a scholarship credit which is paid back in full or in part. This is based upon the guidelines of the Colfuturo sponsorship programme "Créditos-Beca para estudios de Posgrado en el Exterior". Selection Candidates are selected by a committee of Colombian and German scientists and academics. Further information Online application: COLFUTURO Fundación para el Futuro de Colombia Carrera 15 No. 37-15 Bogotá, Colombia www.colfuturo.org and DAAD Branch Office Bogotá WWW: www.daad.co Do you have any questions about DAAD scholarships? You will find the answers here ! Please also take note of our important scholarship information . Please select your status and your country to enable you to submit an application Colombia „Country“ is the country in which you are living and from which you are applying. If you come from another country, please contact us to find out whether you are eligible for the programme of your choice. More Information Graduates Graduates are people who already have at least one first academic degree, e.g. Bachelor. Your status and/or country is not in the list? If your status and/or country is not included in the list, you cannot apply for this scholarship programme. To ensure that only scholarship programmes for which you are eligible to apply are shown, please select your status and your country in the results list (left-hand column). Copy this link: Copy this link: daad.de/go/en/stipa57814471 Print as PDF