Colombia COLCIENCIAS | Future Graduate Students | University of Waterloo Skip to main content Colombia COLCIENCIAS The University of Waterloo is pleased to accept applications from excellent Colombian students who will be applying for the COLCIENCIAS Department of Science, Technology and Innovation scholarship program. The University of Waterloo is a member of the CALDO consortium, an association of Canada’s leading research universities committed to international education. CALDO is currently working with these Latin American countries: Brazil, Chile, Colombia , Costa Rica, Ecuador, Mexico, Paraguay, Peru, Uruguay, and Panama. Scholarship overview To promote cooperation in the long term between COLCIENCIAS and the CALDO Member University in fostering graduate studies and research projects for Colombian students in Canada. What does the ANID scholarship cover? Return airfare. Domestic tuition and academic fees. Monthly living allowance. University Health Insurance Plan (UHIP). NOTE: coverage is applied up to the amount established in the annual call. If costs exceed the annual call, the student will be responsible for the difference. Eligible program(s) Doctoral studies for up to 4 (four) years. Doctoral funding The scholarship provides full funding (including but not limited to tuition and fees, health insurance (UHIP) and living allowance/stipend) for doctoral programs for 4 years or 12 academic terms. Domestic tuition will be assessed. English for Academic Success (EFAS) English as a Second Language (ESL) studies for up to six months, including Renison International Programs' intensive English for Academic Success (EFAS), are also covered by the scholarship. Learn more about the EFAS program. COLCIENCIAS application procedure Visit https://minciencias.gov.co/ for scholarship deadlines. Applicants contact universities and submit online applications and supporting documents. Applicants apply to COLCIENCIAS, including Waterloo's Offer of Admission in their application package. COLCIENCIAS confirms the scholarship. Applying to Waterloo Minimum admission requirements include a 3.7/5 overall GPA. Some programs may require a higher average. Certification of English language proficiency (ELP) through one of the accepted examinations is required. Prospective graduate students apply online . In the Other Information section, under International Agreements, select Colombia: Colciencias. Some agreements provide a preliminary sponsorship or scholarship letter, if applicable, email a PDF copy to an admissions specialist . Remember to include your full name and your 8 digit (numerical only) Waterloo student ID number. Important The sponsorship documentation must detail the approved program, financial support amount and the number of years the funding has been granted (a minimum of two years for a master’s research program and a minimum of four years for a PhD program). Please refer to Arranging your fees with a third-party sponsorship on the Finance website for the information required in the official sponsorship documentation. If there is any change in your funding situation, the University of Waterloo may re-evaluate your Offer of Admission, and reserves the right to withdraw your Offer of Admission or withdraw you from your graduate program. Contact For further information contact the Manager, Graduate Admissions, at gradadmissions@uwaterloo.ca . Contact COLCIENCIAS for scholarship information and assistance. International admission equivalencies You should meet or exceed the academic requirements listed for your location to be a strong candidate and to set yourself up for success with Waterloo's graduate studies. LEARN MORE ABOUT THE INTERNATIONAL ADMISSION EQUIVALENCIES Information for international students Our international reputation for excellence and innovation attracts some of the most inspiring graduate students in the world. Learn more about our large cohort of international graduate students. LEARN MORE WITH INFORMATION FOR INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS Today we have over 5,800 graduate students on campus 40% of whom are international students from 84 countries