Apply now: Scholarships for Computer Science (M.Sc.) | Hasso-Plattner-Institut Scholarship: Computer Science (M.Sc.) 10/02/2024 Highly qualified international graduates can now apply for the HPI scholarship for the master's program in Computer Science. The scholarship offers foreign nationals and/or stateless graduates the opportunity to continue their academic education in Germany, independent of their financial situation, with a funding amount of €1,100 per month. Applications are open until November 8, 2024. The English Computer Science program at HPI brings together all relevant Computer Science disciplines, preparing master's students for a future in research, business, or the startup world. From Data and AI to Cybersecurity, Algorithms, and Digital Health – students have the freedom to choose which courses they want to attend. In an international and interdisciplinary environment, they also receive training in Design Thinking, Research Methods & Ethics, and management courses. Prospective students have the opportunity to get to know the Master's degree program at an online info session on November 4, 2024 at 3 pm. Who can apply? Individuals who have completed their first degree (e.g., Bachelor, Diploma) no later than the start of the scholarship program and did not obtain their first degree in Germany. The scholarship amounts to €1,100 per month and is granted for up to 24 months. Selection is made by an independent committee, and decisions will be communicated via email between November 18 and 22, 2024. Apply Now More Information on the Computer Science Program Note: Pre-selection for an HPI scholarship does not guarantee a place in the incoming class. All candidates pre-selected for an HPI scholarship may update their University of Potsdam application with this information until December 1, 2024. More news 05/05/2026 Young talents wanted with a curiosity for computer science The Hasso Plattner Institute is growing. Managing Director Prof. Tobias Friedrich outlines future plans for the Griebnitzsee campus in an interview. More 02/04/2026 Understanding diabetes: A week of CGM self-experimentation at HPI As part of a seminar, HPI master's students learned what it means to live with type 1 diabetes and how digital tools can make everyday life easier. More 18/03/2026 AI that delivers: Students pitch prototypes to SAP CEO In the seminar "Trends & Concepts," students develop AI solutions for BMW, DB, and others – presented in an executive pitch to SAP CEO Christian… More 13/03/2026 From the lecture hall to the hospital ward In the "Digital Health Spark" seminar, master’s students shadow hospital staff and develop health-tech solutions for real challenges in clinical… More Tags [ Studies ] back