DAAD scholarships you should know about Skip to main content Close the language menu Close meta menu Frontpage Knowledge Higher Education and Research DAAD scholarships you should know about A course of study, an internship or a research stay: these DAAD scholarships can make your dream of a funded stay in Germany come true. Sabine Giehle , 31.03.2025 The DAAD supports international students and researchers. © AdobeStock This article is also available in audio. Download the app now! Are you interested in studying, undertaking a research stay or doing an internship in Germany ? With more than 140,000 scholarship holders per year, the German Academic Exchange Service (DAAD) is the world’s largest funding organisation of its kind for international students, doctoral candidates, teachers and researchers. We present some popular and attractive scholarship programmes to which you could apply. EPOS This scholarship enables international graduates from developing countries with at least two years of professional experience to embark on a master’s degree or PhD programme in selected and practice-oriented Development-Related Postgraduate Courses (EPOS) . RISE Germany Those studying for a bachelor’s degree in science, engineering or computer science in North America, Great Britain and Ireland can apply to RISE Germany – Research internships in Science and Engineering for funding - if successful, they will be able to do a summer research internship in Germany. Play video Dieses YouTube-Video kann in einem neuen Tab abgespielt werden YouTube öffnen Third party content We use YouTube to embed content that may collect data about your activity. Please review the details and accept the service to see this content. Open consent form Piwik is not available or is blocked. Please check your adblocker settings. Hilde Domin Programme The Hilde Domin Programme supports at-risk students and doctoral candidates from around the world who are denied their right to education in their country of origin. ERA Fellowships - Green Hydrogen International master’s students, PhD candidates and postdocs who are interested in topics related to green hydrogen are potential candidates for ERA Fellowships. This funding helps them embark on a course of study, a research stay or an internship in Germany. Fellows on the programme also get to work alongside experts in international working groups. You can find all the DAAD’s scholarships here The well-organised scholarship database provides information on around 180 funding opportunities for international students and researchers offered not only by the DAAD but also by other selected funding organisations. You can search by country of origin, status, subject and intended project. You can also search for a specific programme directly. PASCH There are more than 2,000 PASCH schools worldwide. PASCH stands for “Schools: Partners for the Future”. Pupils from PASCH schools have the chance to study in Germany on a scholarship . It is important to note that you cannot apply for a scholarship - you have to be nominated. Other important programmes for international students: DAAD/HEC : government scholarships for budding university teachers from Pakistan who wish to do a PhD in Germany. KOSPIE : combined study and practice stays for students from newly industrialised countries in Latin America, Southern Asia and Northern Africa. The main focus is on engineering and natural sciences. DAAD/TEV : scholarship programme run jointly with the Turkish educational foundation Türk Eğetim Vakfı (TEV) that enables successful candidates to do a master’s degree in Germany. Third party content We use to embed content that may collect data about your activity. Please review the details and accept the service to see this content. Open consent form Piwik is not available or is blocked. Please check your adblocker settings. #Update​Germany Your Germany insider knowledge Subscribe Email address * First name Last name Language * German English Spanish I have read and accepted the data protection statement . * * Required fields Subscribe Thank you for signing up! We have sent you a confirmation email. Please confirm your email address so that we can send you our newsletter in the future. An error has occurred. Please try again later. Related content 100 years of the DAAD The DAAD: connecting people around the world Topic of the week: Initiatives for refugees Studying despite persecution 100 years of the DAAD Global bridges of knowledge Share Overlay schließen Twitter Facebook Telegram Whatsapp E-Mail