Scholarships & Awards - Undergraduate — Department of Computer Science, University of Toronto Top Undergraduate Computer Science Awards and Scholarships The University of Toronto has comprehensive scholarship programs that recognize outstanding accomplishments at different levels of study. Below are the Computer Science Scholarship and Awards that recognize the impressive achievements of our undergraduate students. Awards are subject to availability each year. You can find additional award listings through U of T’s Award Explorer . Awards Requiring an Application Please submit an application to be considered for open awards. Each application requires different information; please review the application forms well in advance of deadlines to give yourself sufficient time to collect and prepare required documentation and information. If you have specific questions about eligibility or any of the awards, please contact us at cs.undergrad@utoronto.ca . Awards will be assessed by committees, and decisions will be announced as they are made. Only award recipients will be contacted with an award decision. We wish you good luck with your application! DCS Academic Travel Grant — supported by the Samuel Beatty Fund The Department of Computer Science is pleased to offer a travel grant for undergraduate students supported by the Samuel Beatty Fund and the Department of Computer Science. Current students in a Computer Science or Data Science program may request funds to support regional, national or international travel to: Attend or present at a conference related to Computer Science Participate in research or other academic activities (e.g., a programming contest or an experiential or community-engaged learning opportunity) related to Computer Science Funding will be prioritized for students who have historically been underrepresented in Computer Science, whose projects contribute to equity, diversity, inclusion and belonging (EDIB) in Computer Science, and/or whose opportunity to participate in academic travel may be limited because of financial constraints. Multiple awards are available. Individual students may be approved for funding, which will be provided as reimbursement for travel, accommodation, and registration costs, to a maximum of: $400 for travel in North America or $600 for international travel outside of North America. Applications for planned or completed travel are accepted in three rounds per year, in March, July and November. Students are eligible to apply for one travel grant per round. Please note we will not accept applications for travel to conferences the department is already sponsoring tickets for (ex. Canadian University Software Engineering Conference - CUSEC), with the exception of students who are presenting at the conference. Please contact cs.undergrad@utoronto.ca for details. Winter semester applications are due by March 1, 2026. Application form Computer Science Engagement Award This award recognizes full-time and part-time students in a Computer Science Program, including the Computer Science or Data Science Specialist, Computer Science Major, or Computer Science Minor, who connect and apply their CS knowledge or skills in creative and innovative ways — in support of a student or community organization; in an interdisciplinary context; or in a project or initiative that enhances ethics and equity in CS. Students may nominate themselves, or be nominated by peers, staff, faculty or alumni. Students can be nominated individually, or as part of a small group (maximum 4 students). Nominators must submit: A 150-200 word description of the nominee’s project or initiative , including a description of its current or potential impact and its alignment with one or more of the categories listed above, which are described in detail on the application form. If the project or initiative is a group or collaborative project, nominations should include up to four members of the group who led or contributed most substantially to the project . If a larger group was involved, please contact cs.undergrad@utoronto.ca for advice. Confirmation that all nominees approve the nomination , and that they provide permission to the department to confirm academic standing and program enrolment. The name and contact information of a University of Toronto faculty or staff member or non-U of T community leader who has agreed to provide a letter of recommendation if candidate / group is shortlisted . This faculty or staff member or community leader should be familiar with the nominee(s), their project, and its impact. Letters will only be requested for shortlisted nominees / groups. Multiple awards are available. The value of this award is $500. Applications are due February 26, 2026. APPLICATION FORM Konrad Group Digital Innovation Scholarship & Konrad Group Women in Technology Scholarship Awarded to a third- or fourth-year student enrolled in a Specialist or Major program in the Department of Computer Science. Preference will be given to a student who demonstrates creativity and innovation with respect to the field of technology. Award will be made on the basis of academic achievement and an essay. Applications are due November 2, 2025. Application Form Canada Chinese Computer Association Scholarship in Computer Science Awarded to an undergraduate student of high academic standing, who has demonstrated financial need, who is enrolled in a program offered by the Department of Computer Science, and who has demonstrated interest in Chinese literature, language or culture. Applicants should submit an essay (maximum 250 words) describing their involvement with and/or interest in Chinese literature, language or culture (e.g. course work, extra-curricular activities, etc.). The estimated value of this award is $600. Applications are due November 2, 2025. APPLICATION FORM Samuel Beatty In-Course Scholarship Awarded to students enrolled in second-, third- or fourth-year of a Specialist Program offered by the Department of Computer Science. Academic merit and/or financial need may be considered by the committee. The estimated value of this award is $1,000. Applications for 2025-2026 will close on Thursday, Dec. 18, 2025 at 11:59 p.m. Award details and application form Accenture Scholarship The Accenture Scholarship is an in-course scholarship of approximately $1,300 awarded to students in their final year of undergraduate study in an Engineering, Computer Science or Bachelor of Commerce Degree who are actively involved in extracurricular activities. The estimated value of this award is $1,300. New for Fall 2024 / Winter 2025: All in-course awards will be awarded in the Fall term. Award details and application form RBC Tech Scholars in Computer Science Award The RBC Tech Scholars in Computer Science, made possible by a generous donation from the Royal Bank of Canada (RBC), supports third-year Computer Science students who demonstrate strong academic performance and a clear interest in technology and financial services. Eligibility requirements: Be currently enrolled in the Faculty of Arts & Science as a full-time or part-time student in their third year of study (9.0 to 13.5 credits completed). To be eligible for the 2025-26 round, students must meet this requirement following the end of the Summer 2025 and/or Fall 2025 terms. Have a cumulative GPA of at least 1.50. Be enrolled in one of the following programs: Computer Science Specialist, Computer Science Major, Computer Science Minor, or Data Science Specialist. The estimated value of this award is $25,480 Application Deadline: February 2, 2026 (11:59 p.m.) AWARD DETAILS AND APPLICATION FORM Ubisoft Award in Video Game Design Award This award is open to full-time or part-time DCS undergraduate students on the basis of financial need and academic merit and who are currently or were previously enrolled in CSC404H: Introduction to Video Game Design. Preference will be given to Black and/or Indigenous students or students registered with Accessibility Services. Currently eligible applicants must have been enrolled in CSC404H1 in the Summer 2025, Fall 2025, or Winter 2026 semester. The application link will be sent directly to eligible students. Application Deadline: May 21, 2026 (11:59 p.m.) Awards not Requiring an Application The below awards do not require an application; students who meet the criteria will be considered for each award. Awards recipients are typically notified in the fall term. Alexander T. Fulton: Computer Science Awarded to an outstanding student who has completed the first year in the Faculty of Arts and Science and who is enrolled in a Computer Science program. The estimated value of this award is $375. Alvin C. Shih Award Awarded to a full time undergraduate student in the Department of Computer Science on the basis of academic performance (minimum cGPA of 2.7) and financial need. Preference will be given to Black and/or Indigenous students. The value of this award varies. Charles Lester Mills Scholarship in Science: Computer Science Awarded to an outstanding student who has completed the second year in the Faculty of Arts and Science who is enrolled in a Computer Science program. The estimated value of this award is $700. Craig Clement Memorial Awarded to a student of high academic standing in Computer Science Major or Specialist and with a strong interest in Commerce and Finance. Must have completed one MGT half course. The estimated value of this award is $2,000. Daniel Berlin Scholarship Awarded to part time or full time student/students enrolled in a program offered by the Department of Computer Science or the Specialist program in Cognitive Science and Artificial Intelligence. Preference is given to students with an interest in the field of artificial intelligence. The estimated value of this award is up to $3,500 (this amount may be divided among multiple students) . David and Gursh Barnard Award (BPP) Awarded to full-time, undergraduate students in Computer Science in the Faculty of Arts & Science on the basis of financial need. Preference will be given to University College students. The value of this award varies. Dr. Babak Farzad's Award of Leadership Awarded to international undergraduate student in the Computer Science admission category on the basis of academic merit and supplementary application review. Preference is given to first year students. The estimated value of this award is $1,100. Kay Baxter Memorial Award Awarded to students who completed third year in a CS program who demonstrate financial need and have AGPA of 3.7 or higher. The estimated value of this award is $2,000. Ken Sevcik Bursary in Computer Science Financial need must be considered, academic merit will also be considered. Awarded to students in a Specialist or Major Program in Computer Science. The value of this award varies. Tom Hull Scholarship in Computer Science Awarded to undergraduate or graduate students in computer science. The award will be based on financial need and will also take academic merit into account. The value of this award varies. Trenwith Computer Science Award To be awarded on the basis of financial need to three students – one entering each of second-, third- and fourth-year of a computer science program. Academic merit will also be considered. If two students entering any one year are equally deserving, the award for that year will be divided between them. The value of this award varies. External Awards CRA Outstanding Undergraduate Researcher Award This award program recognizes undergraduate students in North American colleges and universities who show outstanding research potential in an area of computing research. For details of the award and nomination process, please see: https://cra.org/crae/awards/cra-outstanding-undergraduate-researchers/ This award requires departmental support. If you are considering applying for this award, please contact cs.undergrad@utoronto.ca no later than one month before the C