Funding and opportunities | Data Science | University of Waterloo Skip to main content Funding and opportunities Vector Institute Scholarships Students interested in Data Science and Artificial Intelligence programs are encouraged to learn more about the Vector Scholarship in Artificial Intelligence . For information about the Vector Institute and how it can help to enrich your experience in the field of artificial intelligence, please contact aimasters@vectorinstitute.ai . Scotiabank Graduate Scholarship in Data Science Two scholarships valued at up to $10,000 each will be awarded to incoming or current graduate students who will be or who are registered full time in the Master of Mathematics in Data Science or Master of Data Science and Artificial Intelligence program in the Faculty of Mathematics and who self-identify as being of Latin American ethnic or cultural origin. Preference will be given to students who are entering the program; if an eligible student cannot be found, consideration will be given to current students who self-identify as being of Latin American ethnic or cultural origin who are already in the program. Selection will be based on academic excellence (80% cumulative average in previously completed or current postsecondary degree) and statement of research/study interest submitted with student's application to the programs. Interested students should complete the application form and submit it by the extended deadline of April 15, 2025. A committee chaired by the Graduate Officer of the Data Science program will make the selection annually in the Spring term based on information provided in the scholarship application and the application for admission to the program. This fund is made possible by a donation from Scotiabank. Funding and opportunities by program Expand all Collapse all Master of Mathematics - Data Science Funding for domestic and international graduate students Funding is available for MMath Data Science students in the form of scholarships, TAships and research assistantships. Support packages, if granted, will be detailed in the admissions offer. Funding for domestic graduate students The Faculty of Mathematics and the University of Waterloo’s Graduate Studies and Postdoctoral Affairs have developed a $1.5 million funding initiative for full-time domestic graduate students. Additional funding and opportunities For other funding opportunities to support your graduate career, please see our Current Graduate Student Financial Support page. Master of Data Science and Artificial Intelligence In addition to the opportunities detailed above, the MDSAI program offers a limited number of entrance scholarships, that are awarded at the time of admission - no additional action required from the applicant. Other than the above, as MDSAI is a coursework program, students don't have access to scholarships available for research students and are not funded. On the other hand, MDSAI students have the opportunity for co-op (i.e., industry internship as part of the degree).