Tuition fees and costs - Master Data Science (Information Studies) - Universiteit van Amsterdam Master Vergelijk Vergelijk Data Science (Information Studies) Tuition fees and costs Paying the tuition fee is an important step in completing your enrolment. Other costs to keep in mind when planning your university budget include housing, living expenses, and learning materials such as books, stationary and a laptop. More... Tuition fees Before enrolling, check the tuition fee you will need to pay. How much you pay depends on your nationality, your programme, and — if you are required to pay the statutory tuition fees — whether you are studying full-time or part-time: Check the tuition fee rates Other Study Costs In addition to tuition fees, you will incur expenses for books, excursions, a laptop, and other study materials. Also, take into account other costs, such as food, public transport, and accommodation if you plan to live in student housing. More information about costs Study costs In addition to your tuition fees, you will need to include a number of other study costs in your budget, such as books, stationary, excursions, a laptop or other equipment. These costs vary per programme but academic books and study materials will usually cost you between €50-100 per month. Laptop Students are expected to bring their own laptop during the computer lab sessions. Please see the website for current students for up to date programme specific requirements regarding the device. Laptop requirements Living costs Keep in mind that living in Amsterdam also includes costs such as accommodation, food and public transport. Find out more about living expenses in Amsterdam Scholarships The Faculty of Science aims to attract talented students to its international classrooms. It offers several scholarship programmes designed to offer - both Dutch and international - motivated students the opportunity to pursue a Science degree at the University of Amsterdam. More about scholarships Tuition fee payment Your tuition fee needs to be credited to the UvA's bank account one day before your degree programme starts at the latest. Read more about paying your tuition fees Related programmes Vergelijk Master Artificial intelligence is the field of research that focuses on development and understanding of intelligent computational processes. Master The Master’s programme in Computer Science will be offered in close collaboration with the VU Amsterdam in order to provide students with the best educational experience and research facilities. Vergelijk Master The UvA Master in Logic is an interdisciplinary and international two-year Master's programme that focuses on the central role of logic as mediator between the sciences and the humanities. Cookie Consent De UvA gebruikt cookies voor het meten, optimaliseren en goed laten functioneren van de website. Ook worden er cookies geplaatst om inhoud van derden te kunnen tonen en voor marketingdoeleinden. Klik op ‘Accepteren’ om akkoord te gaan met het plaatsen van alle cookies. Of kies voor ‘Weigeren’ om alleen functionele en analytische cookies te accepteren. Je kunt je voorkeur op ieder moment wijzigen door op de link ‘Cookie instellingen’ te klikken die je onderaan iedere pagina vindt. Lees ook het UvA Privacy statement . Weigeren Accepteren Informatie over cookies Voor deze externe content moet je alle marketingcookies accepteren. Klik hier om je cookie-instellingen te beheren