Scholarships Search Close search Open menu Scholarships Delft University of Technology (TU Delft) aims to attract the world’s brightest students to its international classrooms. For that reason, it has established several scholarship programmes specifically designed to offer talented and motivated international students the opportunity to pursue a MSc degree at TU Delft. Do you want to apply for a Scholarship? Submit your complete MSc application with the mandatory scholarship documents (including 2 reference letters and scholarship application form) before the deadline. Your MSc application will then be reviewed and an admission decision given; at that moment you will also be considered for a Scholarship. Not sure about the deadline? For the correct deadline check which deadline comes first ( MSc programme application deadline or Scholarship deadline). The first deadline is leading. Candidates must not wait for an admission decision to submit a scholarship application. Missed the deadline? If you wanted to apply for a scholarship but have missed the first deadline, your scholarship application will not be considered. FAQ FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS Heads up! Missing the first deadline means your scholarship application won’t be reviewed. TU Delft MSc programme Scholarships Academic period 2026-2028 Justus & Louise van Effen Excellence Scholarships Faculty specific scholarships, academic period 2026-2028 Applied Sciences QuTech Scholarship Number of scholarships QuTech offers full scholarships for excellent international students interested in an MSc track in quantum or the MSc Quantum Information Science & Technology. The Scholarship covers full tuition fees for the MSc programme and contributes to the living expenses for two years. Eligibility Excellent international students, specifically interested in quantum technology, and (conditionally) admitted to one of the 2-year Regular TU Delft's MSc programmes: - Quantum Information Science and Technology (QIST) - Applied Physics, - Computer Science, - Electrical Engineering, - Computer Engineering, or - Embedded Systems With a cumulative grade point average (GPA) of 80 percent or higher of the scale maximum in the bachelor's degree. QuTech will select the candidates giving strong preference for external students and underrepresented groups in (quantum) sciences and engineering. Application deadline 1 December 2025 (23:59 CET) Granting Only students who have been granted a scholarship will be informed by TU Delft via email between mid-March and begin-Juni 2026. Receiving the scholarship is conditional on the student fulfilling all admission criteria. Extent of Scholarship Full tuition fees per year for a TU Delft MSc programme based on the statutory fee or institutional rate, according to the registered nationality, AND contribution for the living expenses. Students can choose a MSc project at QuTech, and when receiving a 9 (90%) or higher for their MSc thesis project, they will be offered a PhD position at QuTech. Procedure ALL DOCUMENTS REQUIRED MUST BE SUBMITTED AT ONCE with the MSc Application ! 1. Complete your MSc application (check the admission requirements ) 2. Upload the Scholarship Application Form . 3. Upload or request TWO reference letters : You can upload your reference letters during your MSc application (as one PDF document), according to the indicated requirements . And/or You can request the reference letters from your referee(s). Fill out the information about your referee/s and invite them by using the ‘send invitation button’. The referee(s) will receive an automatic email inviting him/her to upload a reference for you. You can combine both procedures. E.g. 1 upload and 1 referee request. Reference letters will not be considered if you have already submitted your application. Reference letters will not be accepted after the Scholarship deadline. 4. Upload the English language certificate Please note that Non-EU/EFTA students must include their English test with their application (if required). PLEASE NOTE All documents required for the scholarship must be submitted together with the MSc Application. After submission no additional documents can be uploaded More information QuTech Electrical Engineering, Mathematics and Computer Science QuTech Scholarship Number of scholarships QuTech offers up to 6 full scholarships. Two for each roadmap: Fault-tolerant Quantum Computing, Quantum Internet and Networked Computing, and Topological Quantum Computing. Eligibility Excellent international students, specifically interested in quantum technology, and (conditionally) admitted to one of the 2-year Regular TU Delft's MSc programmes: - Quantum Information Science and Technology (QIST) - Applied Physics, - Computer Science, - Electrical Engineering, - Computer Engineering, or - Embedded Systems With a cumulative grade point average (GPA) of 80 percent or higher of the scale maximum in the bachelor's degree. QuTech will select the candidates giving strong preference for external students and underrepresented groups in (quantum) sciences and engineering. Application deadline 1 December 2025 (23:59 CET) Granting Only students who have been granted a scholarship will be informed by TU Delft via email by April 2026 . Receiving the scholarship is conditional on the student fulfilling all admission criteria. Extent of Scholarship Full tuition fees per year for a TU Delft MSc programme based on the statutory fee or institutional rate, according to the registered nationality, AND contribution for the living expenses. Students can choose a MSc project at QuTech, and when receiving a 9 (90%) or higher for their MSc thesis project, they will be offered a PhD position at QuTech. Procedure ALL DOCUMENTS REQUIRED MUST BE SUBMITTED AT ONCE with the MSc Application ! 1. Complete your MSc application (check the admission requirements ) 2. Upload the Scholarship Application Form 3. Upload or request TWO reference letters : You can upload your reference letters during your MSc application (as one PDF document), according to the indicated requirements . And/or You can request the reference letters from your referee(s). Fill out the information about your referee/s and invite them by using the ‘send invitation button’. The referee(s) will receive an automatic email inviting him/her to upload a reference for you. You can combine both procedures. E.g. 1 upload and 1 referee request. Reference letters will not be considered if you have already submitted your application. Reference letters will not be accepted after the Scholarship deadline. 4. Upload the English language certificate Please note that Non-EU/EFTA students must include their English test with their application (if required). PLEASE NOTE All documents required for the scholarship must be submitted together with the MSc Application. After submission no additional documents can be uploaded More information QuTech Faculty scholarship: Microelectronics Number of scholarships Up to two faculty scholarships offered by the Microelectronics research department Eligibility Promising excellent international students and (conditionally) admitted to the 2-year Regular TU Delft’s MSc programme in Electrical Engineering (track Microelectronics). With a cumulative grade point average (GPA) of 80 percent or higher of the scale maximum in the bachelor’s degree from an internationally renowned university outside The Netherlands. Application deadline 1 December 2025 (23:59 CET) Granting Only students who have been granted a scholarship will be informed by TU Delft via email by April 2026 . Receiving the scholarship is conditional on the student fulfilling all admission criteria. Extent of Scholarship Full tuition fees per year for a TU Delft MSc programme based on the statutory fee or institutional rate, according to the registered nationality, AND contribution for the living expenses Procedure ALL DOCUMENTS REQUIRED MUST BE SUBMITTED AT ONCE with the MSc Application ! 1. Complete your MSc application (check the admission requirements ) 2. Upload the Scholarship Application Form 3. Upload or request TWO reference letters : You can upload your reference letters during your MSc application (as one PDF document), according to the indicated requirements . And/or You can request the reference letters from your referee(s). Fill out the information about your referee/s and invite them by using the ‘send invitation button’. The referee(s) will receive an automatic email inviting him/her to upload a reference for you. You can combine both procedures. E.g. 1 upload and 1 referee request. Reference letters will not be considered if you have already submitted your application. Reference letters will not be accepted after the Scholarship deadline. 4. Upload the English language certificate Please note that Non-EU/EFTA students must include their English test with their application (if required). PLEASE NOTE All documents required for the scholarship must be submitted together with the MSc Application. After submission no additional documents can be uploaded More information Faculty of Electrical Engineering, Mathematics and Computer Science Scholarships from other providers Full & partial scholarships Application deadline: varied Eligibility: varied ASML Technology Scholarship Share this page: Facebook Linkedin Twitter Email WhatsApp Share this page