University of British Columbia Scholarships: Fully Funded for International Students (2026) Skip to content University of British Columbia Scholarships for International Students 2026 Hyun Lee | Updated January 30, 2026 Vancouver, Canada Location 66,800 Population 9 Number of Scholarships Search Courses: Any Degree Undergraduate Masters MBA Any Subject Business Computer Science Data Science Design Finance Marketing Any Country Europe Germany France Spain Search Students considering University of British Columbia can explore scholarships that range from fully funded support to partial awards. This shortlist highlights higher coverage options first. For institution funded support at University of British Columbia, these scholarships are frequently highlighted when prioritizing higher coverage. Four Year Doctoral Fellowship (4YF) is fully funded and typically covers 100% of tuition fees and an $18,200 living stipend. International Scholars Program is commonly categorized as fully funded support, and coverage that often includes full cost of the student's program and living costs. With Karen McKellin International Leader of Tomorrow Award , students may receive partially funded support, and coverage frequently includes awards of varying amounts. BCom Scholarships is a partially funded award, and the listed benefits often include awards of various amounts. Outside the university’s own funding routes, University of British Columbia students may be eligible for external programs that can offer substantial support. Here are a few to consider. Mastercard Foundation Scholars Program is a fully funded award, and the listed benefits often include full tuition, accommodation, and travel allowance. This is only a shortlist. Additional scholarships and funding options appear further down on this page. Apply for 2026 Intake! Applications for 2026 Intake are open. Search degrees around the world! Apply now University of British Columbia Scholarships for International Students The scholarships at University of British Columbia can help fund your study expenses. There are currently 9 scholarships being offered to international students at the University of British Columbia, all with varying requirements, benefits, and application processes. We have compiled them in this list to help you find the scholarship that best fits you. Undergraduate Scholarships 1. Karen McKellin International Leader of Tomorrow Award Scholarship Type: Partial Funding Degrees Offered : Bachelor's Scholarship Coverage: awards of varying amounts 2. BCom Scholarships Scholarship Type: Partial Funding Degrees Offered : Bachelor's Scholarship Coverage: awards of various amounts 3. International Scholars Program Scholarship Type: Full Funding Degrees Offered : Bachelor's Scholarship Coverage: full cost of the student's program and living costs 4. International Major Entrance Scholarship for Vantage One Scholarship Type: Partial Funding Scholarship Amount: 2 CAD Degrees Offered : Bachelor's Scholarship Coverage: an award of $25,000 for the first year and a maximum $20,000 per year over the following 2 to 4 years Graduate Scholarships 1. Graduate Assistantships Scholarship Type: Partial Funding Scholarship Amount: 24,000 CAD Degrees Offered : Master's and PhD Scholarship Coverage: $6,489.72 per term for MSc and MSc (PhD Track) teaching assistants $9,423.62 per term for teaching assistants pursuing the 12-credit MSc thesis option $24,000 per year for PhD teaching Assistants Need help in writing your scholarship resume? Check out this article and learn how to write a resume that will impress scholarship committees! 2. Four Year Doctoral Fellowship (4YF) Scholarship Type: Full Funding Degrees Offered : PhD Scholarship Coverage: 100% of tuition fees An $18,200 living stipend 3. Doctoral Funding Scholarship Type: Partial Funding Scholarship Amount: 22,000 CAD Degrees Offered : PhD Scholarship Coverage: A minimum award of $22,000 per year Vacation costs and benefits Sponsorships External Scholarships 1. Mastercard Foundation Scholars Program Offered By: Mastercard Foundation Scholarship Type: Full Funding Degrees Offered : Bachelor's and Master's Scholarship Coverage: Full tuition Accommodation Travel allowance Living stipend Study materials 2. GlobalScholarships.com $3,000 Scholarships for International Students Scholarship Type: Partial Funding Degrees Offered : Associate, Bachelor's, Master's, and PhD Scholarship Coverage: 3,000 USD Apply for 2026 Intake! Applications for 2026 Intake are open. Search degrees around the world! Apply now What Scholarship Recipients Say: "I received two full-ride scholarships from Canada’s top universities: the Lester B. Pearson International Scholarship at the University of Toronto and the International Scholars Award from the University of British Columbia. Both scholarships cover tuition, housing, and meal plans, and provide additional stipends to support other living expenses." UBC International Scholars Award Bachelor’s in Co-op Management — Alina Zholaman Read the full story "I took a highly independent approach to my applications. I didn't rely heavily on traditional college counselors or advisors. Instead, I invested a significant amount of time in conducting my own comprehensive research into the institutions, programs, and application requirements, which allowed me to tailor each submission effectively." International Major Entrance Scholarship (University of British Columbia) Bachelor of Commerce (Finance major, Economics minor) — Satvik Khurana Read the full story "I’m Samuel Osaretin Buraimoh, from Edo State, Nigeria. I studied at the Federal University of Technology, Akure, where I earned my Bachelor of Technology degree in Food Science and Technology. Additionally, I have a master’s degree in food science from the University of British Columbia, Canada." Mastercard Foundation Scholarship (University of British Columbia) Master’s in Food Science — Samuel Osaretin Buraimoh Read the full story "My experience at UBC Sauder has been amazing till now, especially being surrounded by such amazing faculty members and like-minded peers. I would highly suggest applying for the co-op program here, which will open a lot of doors for you after you graduate." Bachelor of Commerce (BCOM) Scholarship (University of British Columbia) Bachelor of Commerce (Finance major, Economics minor) — Satvik Khurana Read the full story "I am honored to have received the Mastercard Foundation Scholarship at UBC, which provides full tuition, living expenses, travel, and academic support. This scholarship is more than just financial aid; it is a leadership journey. Although I received admission offers from other universities, UBC’s Geomatics for Environmental Management program perfectly aligned with my goals, as well as the Mastercard Foundation’s mission to empower changemakers." Mastercard Foundation Scholarship (University of British Columbia) Master of Geomatics for Environmental Management — Beatrice Somuah Read the full story "In 2022, I was awarded the Vanier Canada Graduate Scholarship, which is the most prestigious PhD fellowship in Canada. This scholarship is awarded to doctoral students who demonstrate exceptional academic achievement, research potential, and leadership skills. Receiving the Vanier was a turning point in my academic career—especially since my application was ranked first among all candidates that year, despite the intense competition." Vanier Canada Graduate Scholarship (University of British Columbia) Ph.D. in Electrical and Computer Engineering (AI for medical imaging) — Nourhan Bayasi Read the full story Apply for 2026 Intake! Applications for 2026 Intake are open. Search degrees around the world! Apply now University of British Columbia Scholarship Recipients Nourhan Bayasi Ph.D. in Electrical and Computer Engineering Syria - Canada Vanier Canada Graduate Scholarship Nourhan Bayasi is a Syrian-Canadian PhD candidate at the University of British Columbia who was awarded the sought-after Vanier Canada Graduate Scholarship . With a 3.96/4 GPA during her Bachelor’s and two first-author patents from her Master’s, she aspires to become a professor at a prestigious university and build her own research lab to mentor future students. Nourhan believes her application stood out due to its authenticity, academic excellence, and genuine commitment to making a difference in the industry she’s interested in. Learn more about Nourhan’s advice to aspiring applicants through her success story. Mary Motunrayo Ogunleye MSc in Sustainable Forest and Nature Management (SUFONAMA) Nigeria Mastercard Foundation Scholarship Mary Motunrayo Ogunleye from Nigeria is an Erasmus Mundus alumna who completed the SUFONAMA (Sustainable Forest and Nature Management) program between Denmark and Sweden. With a degree in Forestry and Wood Technology, she combined academic excellence with a strong motivation letter and impactful recommendation letters to secure the competitive Erasmus Mundus scholarship, turning down an offer from the Mastercard Foundation at UBC in the process. Read her full story to discover how she managed the high cost of living in Scandinavia, overcame cultural transitions, and built a well-rounded Erasmus application Alina Zholaman Bachelor’s in Co-op Management Kazakhstan International Scholars Program Alina from Kazakhstan will begin her Co-op Management degree at the University of Toronto this fall, supported by the prestigious Lester B. Pearson International Scholarship. She also received the International Scholars Award from UBC, along with offers from U.S. institutions, but chose UofT for its experiential learning and alignment with her interests in leadership, inclusivity, and tech-driven community projects. Her application stood out through a combination of academic excellence, authentic storytelling, and a consistent focus on impact-driven initiatives in education and entrepreneurship. Check out Alina’s story to see how early planning, genuine self-reflection, and a values-centered approach can unlock opportunities at top global universities. Read More Stories Apply for 2026 Intake! Applications for 2026 Intake are open. Search degrees around the world! Apply now University of British Columbia FAQ Are there any scholarships at the University of British Columbia (UBC) that are for online courses? Most UBC scholarships you’ll see for international students are designed for students enrolled in a UBC degree program (and, for many international awards, studying at UBC on a Canadian study permit), rather than stand-alone online courses or non-credit online certificates. For which subjects does UBC offer scholarships for? UBC offers scholarships and funding across a wide range of subjects; some awards are general (not tied to one major), and others are faculty- or program-linked. In GlobalScholarships recipient stories, you can see awards supporting business, engineering, and STEM paths like data science, food science, geomatics/environment, and AI/medical-imaging research. Satvik Khurana (Business/Finance, Sauder): “My experience at UBC Sauder has been amazing till now.” Carmene (STEM, Data Science): “The world is moving toward AI-driven decision-making… This is what made me pursue Data Science.” Samuel Osaretin Buraimoh (STEM, Food Science): he pursued “a master’s degree in food science from the University of British Columbia, Canada.” Beatrice Somuah (Environment/STEM, Geomatics): “UBC’s Geomatics for Environmental Management program perfectly aligned with my goals.” Nourhan Bayasi (Engineering/STEM + health tech): “Ph.D. in Electrical and Computer Engineering, specializing in AI for medical imaging.” Humanities: UBC also has scholarships for Arts and humanities students (often via general awards plus faculty-recommended awards), so humanities students can still be competitive—especially when academics + leadership/community impact are strong. Medicine: UBC does fund many health-related are